OK.
Do you guys need a few minutes to wrap up
bits and pieces? Emily. Mandy.
Yeah,
take a moment if you need no worries.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Fixed.
Yeah.
I.
No.
Weight of the products.
You got it.
OK.
John.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Thank you. So ready. OK. Okie dokie.
So quick quick introduction guys and then
we'll get into the the bulk of the
session where we've really been talking
through what it is you do today.
We went to the agenda in a second.
To show you what we're what we're doing
on this programme.
So over the last couple of weeks we've
been doing similar workshops to to
uncover what did you guys do,
how we can build for the future and we'll
talk about what that that future state
looks like.
We're on Tuesday of our second week.
There's a another workshop going on
upstairs around the the expenses team in
finance.
But today we're all about client fully
focused on you guys.
You guys are the stars, so.
It was a bit of talking. Yeah,
gender wise. Yeah.
Let me move that thing out the way.
Not looking.
Not working. I'll check it over there. OK.
So we'll we'll try and get you guys out
as soon as we can.
I know we've got the whole day and we
don't think it'll take the whole day.
You guys have quite a few processes and
things that you do,
some of them are quite complex.
So we have to talk through those.
I think this is a realistic timeline,
so maybe three, half,
three will try and get you out of the the
maximum,
but we're we're quite a few days in.
So we're in flow.
So we should be able to to get to our
decisions quite quickly.
We've got breaks and lunches built in.
If you guys want to break earlier,
let me know.
That's fine,
completely flexible quick intros.
Then I think it was probably a while back
when we spoke on the phone.
If you guys were there when we did the
preliminary calls.
So we just do intros again, if that's OK.
I'm Josh Sparks from tqima.
I'm the kind of ask implementation lead,
but not including people I'm covering.
Finance client connects,
data management and reporting.
I'm a long time technical implementation
consultant,
so I'm doing this my whole career.
I'm here from the start to see you guys
all the way through to implementation.
Make sure.
So you get the right thing for you guys.
That works well at A at a high level.
That's what I do. Deborah. Good morning,
everybody. I'm Deborah Howard. And so,
thank you. I'm,
I'm the business analyst on the project.
So what can we do today to go through
services,
all those questions associated with end
to end processes.
I've worked on multiple services now
transformations. Yeah,
and I look forward to know going through
it,
having looked at the all the processes
that you currently do today.
So thank you very much. Yeah,
really interesting space.
Do you want us back, Alex?
I was thinking I'm the ESM architect
across the programme.
I'm Isabella.
I'm based in Glasgow and I'm part of the
process efficiency team,
so we've worked on some of the processes,
so that's client. OK, great.
Isabella's sorry.
Is it I remember the the list.
Good to meet you, Emily. Hey, I'm Emily.
So I'm the the last client manager.
So the capital team in Glasgow and in
Brisbane we've been for 10 years across
several of the teams.
One of the main asked people.
Yes, we've got level workshops manager.
My name is Wendy and I'm the ask client
specialist,
so basic Glasgow I've been with the firm
for about 3 1/2 years and all all the
time I've stayed in in ask clients so my
responsibility is.
Apart from the daily operational work,
I focus on some project based tasks such
as the the service now which
implementations. Oh fantastic. OK,
definitely the right people in the room,
Jill.
Joe Collins and Ruth, you don't mind?
I think many of you may already know me,
but for those of you who don't,
I'm Ruth government, Moscow.
I'm part of the organisational change
management team.
So in the workshops you'll probably hear
me typing away furiously.
I'm not responding to emails,
but what I'm doing is actually
understanding what your current state is.
The pain points you have.
And then we have a clearview of what the
future state is and what that delta
between current and future.
What do we need to do from a change
perspective,
either through communications,
training other broader or wider like
implications like maybe we need to change
roles and responsibilities or consistency
like you're talking about Australia and
the UK?
Maybe there's things that are broader
that will help drive the right behaviours
in adoption.
Yeah.
Thank you, Ruth.
And to the to the blooming voices in the
ceiling. Mark,
if you wouldn't mind introducing yourself.
Hi all, Mark Zedge, I'm TQ.
I'm I'm a service specialist.
Enterprise service specialist.
Really utilise a lot of service
management tool sets, especially service.
Now I'm actually leading the IT work
stream,
but I'm support supporting Josh and
Hannah with their with their items.
Yeah.
Such as the client asked today.
Eric.
Thanks, mark. Yeah.
Morning everyone. I'm Parikh Narayan. I'm.
I'm PQIMA based in London.
Yeah.
I'm the solutions architect across all
the work streams.
Thank you Parrot Parrot's a technical
genius. Let's keep moving,
so just quite of why we're here today.
It's a bit of a view of the broader
reason we're here. So down the left.
Some of those success outcomes that that
we're hoping to get from the programme,
some nice numbers there.
And on the right,
we just display in everything fits
together.
So at the top of the kind of queries that
employees PS anyone might come to the
come to ask with and they will feed in
through the different channels.
They're in the middle.
We're keeping as part of the programme,
walk up e-mail and telephony available,
so still be able to contact us by that
route,
but we're introducing the employee centre
through the ServiceNow implementation.
These other channels that are in black
could be coming later.
But for right now,
we're looking at employee centre and
that's what a lot of the focus will be on.
And then just below that and the
functions that this,
this programme is touching and below that
is the just some of the technical things.
So we have integrations available.
So something to think about what can we
integrate to can make us more effective.
What the platform can actually do itself,
and all the kind of digital workflows
that the ServiceNow does and we'll be
getting into that when we understand your
processes better at a glance, that's it.
I'm happy to tell you guys do demos and
things. If interested as we go through,
if you want to see anything in particular
how you handle tickets.
There will be training towards the end of
the programme. We will go into detail,
but if you're so inclined as to want to
see what things look like,
then more than happy to do that,
so quick principles.
So as staying present we'll be very
useful.
We'll be engaged in conversation that
Deborah's going to be leading.
So I think it will be.
Natural to be very present on
conversation at a time. As I say,
we've got these booming mics,
so it's difficult to speak over each
other anyway. And yeah,
we have brakes already built in.
We have what we call a parking lot over
there.
So that just means if we're going down a
rabbit hole that isn't.
It's important,
but with something we can't handle right
now,
then we'll take a note put on there and
we come back to it later.
But we just trying to keep ourselves on
the right track. Every voice is valuable.
Yeah, please. I always say please,
that the more you guys speak,
the more we learn,
the better we can design and build.
So please do feel free to to speak freely.
Yeah,
we're going to be trying to push towards
designs and priorities as as soon as we
can.
So we can make sorry decisions if we can
make decisions, then let's do that.
If things as, say, needs come back to,
then go in the parking lot and we'll be
capturing all actions by various means.
Write in we have a transcription.
We have the recording,
so don't feel like you need to take notes
on what needs to be done.
We take actions and we'll share those
after the call,
so we've got everything covered there
from a principles perspective and you
guys can focus on what you do.
What we've quickly what we've done so far
and what's next and what's today,
so that I know there's been work done,
I think you probably spoke to Tim and
kind of uncovered what you've done,
what you do process wise in sharewell
today and you guys have fed back on that.
We've been analysing that and that's fed
into our recommendations today.
We're going to be looking at what we we
think a service design should be for you
guys based on that,
but we do need to clarify parts of of
your processes,
which Deborah's going to lead us through.
So it's going to be most of the
conversation and part of the output of
that is requirements gathering.
So just understanding what the system
needs to do essentially.
And they all feed into the the final
design,
and then at the end of the session,
I'll show you what's next.
We go from design and you guys will do.
There's training, testing,
go live and a variety of things.
But right now this is the short term.
At what we're focused on,
these are all the things may remember
this from the call a couple of weeks back,
all the things we need to do to bring
this to life.
So we I think we touched on the portal
engagement back in the call,
but today we're covering quite a few
things, so we'll say.
Services line with clarification.
That's the bulk of this as we go through,
there'll be notes of knowledge,
opportunities.
Where can we help client customers to
self-serve integrations where the
integrations help you guys that will all
come up naturally in conversation?
So we cover those reports and dashboards.
If you guys have views on that,
then there's something you know you'd
like to see.
Please let us know we have some
recommendations at the end for your for
your team, which we think might help,
but again,
we'll be capturing those requirements and
providing those to you guys.
And yeah,
we can touch one Slas as we go through as
well.
So we're covering a big bulk bit of
course change on the left where the roof
is addressing.
So we need to really get out of today
understanding what is reality in terms of
processes that you guys do.
So we can build the right thing.
Knowing pain points and that hopefully
will come up organically.
But please as we go through say this,
you know this isn't effective or we don't
like this and that helps us kind of make
sure we address them consolidating
processes and services.
We'll talk through what that is in a
moment.
And yeah,
caption requirements are kind of that the
core part of this really.
So what's been done so far?
A lot of process mapping that's fed into
this, what we call process decomposition,
the team's kind of work,
that's what we've been analysing and
working with so far,
and that's feeding into the the service
design that we look at today.
And then that'll feed into the user story
creation.
If you guys haven't been in software
implementations,
that's just basically requirements.
It just describes what how the system
needs to work.
So as a customer I need to be able to
request something so that I can get some
outcome. It's a software term, but it's.
That bottom pie is essentially for us to
cover,
but you guys will be able to see what
we're planning on building in design.
There will be a a review and sign of of
requirements so you guys will have
transparency as we go through.
We we briefly touched on assignment
groups a few weeks ago my so we kind of
said there's different roles that you can
have. So user admin manager,
approver and as we go through the process
these these will come up as to what they
they do.
And we've just got there a single client
group that's global guess kind of at a
first point conversation.
Does that make sense?
If you guys do you have,
do you have an Australia,
you're an Australia area, OK.
And I think as we maybe go through,
Deborah,
we we go through the processes and
capture can things be globalised.
Two things need to be separated.
Maybe some things are globalised and
everyone can see all the requests or
cases. Majority of our workload is global,
one which is a system restriction.
That we're working on another project at
the same time as this,
hopefully coming to fruition at the same
time,
which would then result in it being a
global process.
So there is only one for that impact.
Yeah is is she a well system resolution
or interaction? No, it's not true.
Interaction and ticket.
It's the ticket part, yeah.
International ticket. Yeah.
Last action and ticket is the current
systems that we use for distributions.
But there's a a project ongoing at the
moment to bring in another platform. Oh,
OK.
And to be fair,
it's more of the distribution side
because the interaction thing say that
it's not going to change right now.
It's more of it clearing up that data,
but the future platform allows us to use
the two different interaction instances,
which will make it and what's the
platform called.
You're bringing in. Yeah. Future, future.
Future. Future, future. OK.
Get any idea on a timeline as to sorry.
Let's go.
Oh yeah, she's she's she's also the PO.
And the I've just.
Any idea on the timeline?
Has anyone mentioned the last timeline
was July OK,
but it's not been quick because of the IT
so it keeps getting pushed back so some
security restrictions on that.
A hard go live is is around September 1st
so we need to to make sure we line line
those UPS if that's going to be live on
time then we'll be planning to that for
example.
OK,
good to know that that's we've had even
though we are not using the same system,
we have this ability to all the all the
cases in shareware from both sides. OK,
right. All right. Perfect. Oh,
in shareware it is right. OK.
Take those cases up,
but then we still have the visibility.
I think the key thing for us, Josh,
is to escalate where there might be an
overlap. So if we take that,
we just have to comment via chart,
we absolutely need to make sure that not
two projects are solution for the same
thing.
Yeah,
the projects initiation documents to come
out,
I've just not seen it yet for in the
future.
So it's one of my things to flag on the
and it's already been raised with
Glendale to be clear that we're on this
project and it's running in conjunction,
if you if you could keep Jill and I
really running in parallel with you.
That hopefully make sure that
everything's joined up,
because we've also got the events stuff
that process efficiency.
So John's working on as well.
So it ties into the events,
which also ties in.
So there's a bit of overlap on that well,
there's loads. I mean,
we've spent quite a lot of these
workshops on Venn diagrams for.
Where everything overlaps but a key.
A key thing is it remains connected after
this. Yeah, you know,
so that nobody gets any surprises. Yeah,
as we go through the services,
you'll probably highlight actually this
does it over here as well as service you
know.
So hopefully that will fall out today.
You can see that overlap all right.
Very useful. Thank you very much some.
I think when we spoke last,
we did a pain point exercise.
We captured those. There's a lot,
there's a lot more than this,
but we we just keep these in mind as we
go through. And as I said,
they might come up during session and we
just keep these in mind that we'll feed
into.
Flag requirements that we build because
we're trying to address these essentially
nothing to drill into there though.
So what we're going to do today is we
call a consolidation and service design.
So, Deborah,
do you want to explain some of the points
that are pertinent for the day?
Yeah. As we go through our process,
it will be how did you,
how did it land with you?
What's the trigger? What data do you need?
What data could you have got?
That is what you actually get,
we improve that data that performance you
know from the requester, what's the Slas,
lots of storytelling really.
And it's just going through,
we won't go through line by line every
process.
It's really sort of bringing it up to a
service level and in the back of our
minds sort of enriching that data first.
Basically first time, right?
So it lands with yourself.
So you can just work on it and meet that
SLA.
And we've seen works well in all the
other workshops,
just sort of all those conversational
pieces and scenarios that you have.
You know,
there's never a happy path probably,
you know, sort of one person, one slide,
four weeks time, you know,
rather than lots of slides all at the
same time.
Required yesterday, you know,
so all those pain points and everything
you have to do,
but we'll discuss all that.
That's a a service level to work through
it and we've broken it down into that
sort of pre bids or bids all the way
through to invent event management and
then the output of that.
So there was lots of things that we saw.
That fall under your remit? I try. And so.
But then just for discussion points,
you know who requested it?
Who could request it?
You shouldn't request it.
And how you update the requester,
for example,
or on behalf of those types of scenarios.
On the right hand side, again,
these are just sort of discussion points.
We won't go through one by one process by
process,
but they're all the things that we're
thinking about as you move towards sort
of a scalable model that's with this
service.
Could it be if we get lots of requests or
someone else come on board from a
different location? For example,
it's easy to scale up without impacting
your service dramatically. And again,
roles and responsibilities you know,
does it land as a global group or?
Do you have a skills matrix that maybe
you work on particular clients amongst
amongst you as a as a service,
or Australia only handle these?
They don't do this type of thing,
you know,
we just grow those stories and discuss it
really as we go through each one of them.
Yeah,
we we keep conversational and we'll be
guiding you you through.
But these are the the points we touch on.
I mentioned consolidation earlier.
So you guys do a lot of things.
We capture 41 processes there.
There may be more.
We try to consolidate them into core
services that are recognisable by one of
the organisation and that's what you
it'll make more sense when we look at the
the sheet and you're able to see
groupings of things we do into services.
Some probably pertinent FAQs on the right
there.
So are we losing any functionality by
consolidating to which the answer is no,
all capabilities remain just organised
more efficiently,
so there's lots of benefits from from
this approach.
And this is that's a typical way of going
about it.
So it will all make a lot more sense when
we when we get into it.
Here's just an example view of of what it
could be.
So some of the processes you might
recognise from below feed into different
kind of consolidated services at the top
and we're just making.
Recognisable things that people may
understand a bit better,
let's say that will will become more
clear as we go through.
This is more our process, not for you.
We'll be going through it
conversationally.
It's just a consulting process internally
that we'll go through to to get to the
outcomes we need.
So no need to deep dive in,
just wanted to display the the high level
process we go through.
That's it for intros.
The the value of the session comes in the
conversation,
so that's what we're going to.
We're going to get into Deborah,
if you'd like to kick us off.
And it worked very well all last week and
this week,
sort of a for yourself to give a high
level view. I sort of.
I didn't want to trivialise, you know,
clients,
I sort of summarised it in that probably
the function.
In my mind was to sort of support and win
work,
and you know all that end to end
processes, you know reputation and output,
event management, the PR side of it,
the award side of it.
But essentially that helping the.
Firm and the clients when that works.
So sort of started.
I don't know if it's maybe you could then
add additional overlay to that if you
don't mind, just as an introduction from.
As my perspective,
we are the primary support function for
business development and brand marketing
and communications,
which does touch on quiet life cycle,
support,
marketing and engagement and then.
I think aspect for us is the centralised
directory organisation,
so I'd say that's the key.
The areas which encompasses the two main
divisions being BBBMC and obd,
known as CMG. Just to confuse things.
So clients markets and growth.
Internally, so externally as good as BD.
Internally it's CNG which is quite smart
as we go, which is the BD function. OK.
And then additionally to that,
we have the research teams,
the business intelligence team that we do
support as well.
But that's just a small portion of what
we do,
but it does fall into the client and
safely support.
What do you support the BI teams do?
We can it's research,
so look at the profiles. So it's not like,
you know,
you're reporting it's business
intelligence.
For the the gates towards, yeah,
business intelligence or not,
business intelligence and research.
And the informed thing, the.
Events the the patching or it can be both.
Yeah. Sometimes for something.
If they are looking at like engaging the
new clients or something.
This for to a new client to win to win
work.
Sometimes they will approach us or via
you to say can you check if we have done
anything for this clients or can you like
take out any.
Anyone in Ashes has any relationship with
these key people in the in the company.
So that's things like this or sometimes
they will ask us to run the research on
any any seminars or exhibitions that the
the the BD group can like register or
attend to like meet new clients and meet
new people to.
Yeah,
some of the this is some of the some of
the things that we help. Yeah. Yeah.
But yeah, you business intelligence,
they're not technically.
Too many acronyms,
but it's business intelligence is the
name of the team. Yeah, yeah, yeah. You.
When we say that this just goes off the
tongue,
it's business intelligent unit for us is
for otherwise.
Yeah.
OK,
so is a good place to start the bids and
pitch support. Is that a natural?
Landing point. Yeah,
we can start to do that.
So maybe we can discuss like a trailer
today how that lands with you or you
somebody who contacts you in order to do
that initial support or is there another
trigger upstream that you know it's
coming, you can start that?
Pre work before the official request
lands.
It would be interesting to know that sort
of life life cycle and how it comes into
on a day-to-day basis.
So this is one of our ones that we get as
I needed it yesterday right as always
yeah yeah because it's generally like we
first market.
Have the best pitch,
several aspects in the way that we can
support and that can be through internal
reporting.
So using systems like 3E Chorus global
credential solution to then build a pack.
Or a capability statement for the
partners to review. OK,
so the the artefact is a capability
statement, is that right?
That's what you're producing.
So it comes in when you say they.
So does it come into show or e-mail today
that says we need the following?
Maybe a one liner?
Of course I would say e-mail and through
our form as well.
So those that use our form will put it
through the forms like that category,
others it will be a.
A roundabout.
They are asking for a capability
statement in an e-mail without saying the
words sure, and the form I mean,
that'd be good to see. I mean,
that has all your official checklist what
you need. Use it for when do you want it?
We've got probably 3 roots and tasks.
Fine.
So we've got our form being the operation.
Forum for things like capability
statements, yeah, capability statements.
We've also bought it and more generally,
so it's high level forms.
So it's like required by the police
confirmation.
And what does that basic?
What do you need for that basic
information?
Add in the most simplest form that gives
us the information we need to start the
work without the back and forth at the
start so Mandy can show you that and then.
The other we put in is our global content
calendar, which links to publications,
which I think we'll touch on when we get
to that process.
But it's a form basically that feeds into
share. Well, what's your children?
What's that one?
That phone holds all that content
calendar.
OK, GCC other reference,
because you'll hear us roll that off the
tongue too. So the acronym which, yeah,
by the ends of the day.
And then the events form is the other one
in similar to how the GCC works and the
operational form is that it's a text box.
A selection of all things need as part of
an event that then feeds them to share
well, gives us all the tickets. OK,
so that we thought there was an event
management side of it.
So to handle that separately.
So it would be the sort of the capability
statements. So that's the artefact out.
The capability statement is that always
occasional with the additional things
that they also require or I wouldn't say
so genuinely when the aspect capability
and that's what that's what they're yeah.
Yeah.
Those other two we don't support on
anymore the way the.
Q&A peer yeah, the Q&A peers.
You know, some of them will be drainable,
right.
That's another question credential that
doesn't happen.
So is it because it's absorbed by other
processes or you do it in a second?
Does it now capture in as part of the
credential capturing Project,
Cross checking whether that matter is
that see that tab on the own course.
What was Chorus doing? What was that?
Which one? Sorry, the chorus ones.
What was that? The two processes there.
The two at the bottom.
So there's the Q&A content.
We don't review that.
And then the suggested there's unlikely
to look at that map again,
but it's not something we've done. OK.
It's absorbed by other projects. Yeah,
it's.
It's absolved by investment was changed.
We got graded this estimate,
which is the need for that.
OK,
so the first one is it said comes in
shower or e-mail and the intention is to
keep this service.
Now you get the form that they can go in
and and populate that all the information
that you need in order to start rather
than back and forth.
But if you could share that form that
would be great.
It is already in share mail, isn't it?
The forms for these ones that one that
one has the operational one? Yeah, one.
OK, the Gmails, you get that. OK,
but once you get active share mail as
well, you'll be able to see it.
The hybrid mail done.
The demo she showed you.
The SharePoint points that yeah,
that's how it works. So the key things,
it's like, who's the owner,
the category selection,
whether they require a we can call for
capability statement when there is a
quick turn around,
they want to give you more.
Information as opposed to what you can
write in a form or in an e-mail just
around how it's placed on a PowerPoint.
There's some people who want to discuss
that about the best way to present it
when it's required by the time zone.
It's specified for.
So between Glasgow and Brisbane and then
time, then it's required as well.
Yeah, windows. Is that your SLA?
For those we have SLA no assessments.
So that's cavy that as is we have them,
but they're very.
What's as in?
Everything's either same day or next day
and you will get the odd one,
like by relationship reporting and yeah,
yeah, I research it will have longer Slas,
but the rest is pretty much same day.
Next day are those agreed with.
For the business or is that something you
guys have just put in there from an SLA
perspective?
The SLA is from what we spoke with D
about with operation.
They're looking to try and improve.
So they don't want them visible.
For the business to see them. Yeah.
Is that SL ES will be a wider
conversation that we do from an ask
perspective and what we're planning to do
is to start looking at Ole level,
which is the label that sits on the task
that you're completing.
So put time against the task,
which will then.
Calculate what the SLA should be,
and that's where we'll probably start
from,
so we've not agreed if SL as will be
shared with business and stuff like that
at the moment,
that is what we will progress to,
but maybe not necessarily in day one yet.
What we will can I start to back on SL as
and do an exercise the right one.
The cars are there to see.
They're just as a standard,
so they are visible when they select the
category.
How long it takes for that particular
task as a guide.
But it's always caveatted with the if
they do need that extra support for a
proper turn around, then to contact the E,
Mandy, Claudia.
To arrange for things prioritise the most
things coming up that is urgent,
like genuinely urgent, yes. And the union?
What do you mean by the business?
3 hours. So my question was if you were,
let's say I came to the business,
you have a three hour turn around,
let's say that's your for example and the
business came to you and said well.
I need it end of day and it's do you
still provide that three hour turn around
despite the fact that obviously you would
probably want to do it in the morning,
but they came to you in the afternoon.
Do you still meet that three hour SLA as
just an example this is or do you just
force yourselves to meet whatever their
timelines are? So we're trying.
Accommodate where possible to deliver
within the timelines that they're
providing. If it's achievable.
So it's based on the current capacity of
the team, what they're already working on,
what can be moved around to prioritise
that piece of work in order for it to be
facilitated. And then.
What in terms of label priority with us
and how do you prioritise?
Sorry that you can tell me from this
question.
It's just from a change perspective
because if you have a clear like
prioritisation matrix,
it's just you just manage the expectation
of the business and hopefully you get
less escalation.
And it must push back.
We have that one hour window.
So for for this team,
it's all about that one hour window of
managing expectations from the
stakeholder because the expectations are
high.
So our first one hour window is all about,
can we accommodate it with the existing
workload?
If we can't,
can we move anything around in terms of
the timeline,
can we utilise Brisbane to utilise the
two time zones and we then look at what
it is,
so if it's without getting too detailed
it's about then the categorization.
So if it's a press release for example,
that needs to go on the website instantly.
What if you put that a press release?
Especially if there's things like Russia,
sanctions trackers again on the website
that needs to be updated straight away
and so there's certain categorizations
that need to be prioritised over others
and others that can then be pushed back.
So what is our negotiation timeline?
And then we're setting the expectations
of stakeholder within that hour.
So all of that decision making is then
discussed within that hour window.
What if you want,
what if what you want to push back on,
you've already agreed to something else
with another person.
Do you let the two partners work it out
or the two senior people on the field?
The earnings,
I sort it out or do you have to go back
and like backtrack whatever you promised
in that first hour if you have another,
should we go back and say when if we've
explored all options and we're unable to
facilitate it within the timelines,
that's going to be goes back.
So you can capture I know Mark.
Are we going to interject that here?
So you have it sounds from those
conversations you have levels of
prioritisation or just that press release
that needs to to go immediately.
And then I don't know if you can provide
us with the next sort of categorisation,
but those things at the request point you
can give some managing expectation.
Upfront,
so when they're completing that form in
Yeah.
service now,
it could be this is you know you're sort
of holding hand and guiding them so that
it doesn't become noisy as soon as they
press submit.
The next communication you get for them
is where is it,
you know that type of thing.
So you could say press release.
That becomes, you know,
it's going to be prioritised,
so when it hits service now and the
dashboarding, it's there visible.
But these are the amount of press
releases we need to do and it could do
service time to do a lot of that heavy
lifting for you.
But you're not moving around.
You can make that suggestions.
These are P ones that have got to be done
now these are P twos.
And do that categorization for you and
that's visible on that dashboard.
Well.
In support of that sort of question,
there is is it is it feasible that your
Oh.
you know your customers of your process
that they could,
you know have a notice of some sort of
like notice period to get something
executed?
Yeah. And therefore follow it.
Or is it that genuinely there are some
stuff that just blows up that you've got
to resolve you,
but it's the majority stuff that say,
for example, to do a press release,
we need, you know,
24 hours notice to be able, you know,
Yeah.
to try and give you a bit of that control.
So not just set expectations of what you
can achieve.
But almost try and give a bit of a lead
time for some of these things that can be
positioned with the business units
themselves.
You know to gain stem the flow of your
reactive response to you know their
urgency, what's the view on that?
Yeah.
So I think that's where the communication
between like manager TL specialist
coordinator primarily comes in.
So if I think about a case where we've
got an urgent publication because it's a
judgement that's being released and
they're working on it overnight,
they need someone.
To put it on website,
that would be something generally that I
would get a heads up of and so the word
contact me say this needs to go on the
website.
This is probably looking for it to be
released.
They don't actually know when it's going
to be released to market,
so they're working in the background with
that being to change potentially when it
is released.
Which is a lot of why it has been
reactive,
but the proactive element that we have is
that they can then give us the heads up
so we can reprioritize work to
accommodate it,
to allow us to then put it in.
So when the information is ready,
Yeah.
we already know about,
we've already got Mandy sitting ready to
pack it up and we've cleared hardest.
Yeah.
Of everything else, so it could be, yes,
that heads up, as you say,
Yeah.
that you know it's coming.
That's the that's the key bit. Yeah,
that's really important.
And you and you often get that.
So it could be that it's not the request
to do it.
There's a there's a little process before,
but when they're filling in the form,
you know, not going to get heads up form.
But it could be.
Free information or pre press release
info as part of that form and then you
would you would get it as a notification.
You'll be informed and it's on the
dashboard and it's already there in
service now that you've got, you know,
maybe there's an effective date that you
need to do it,
that it could be actually this is today
is going to be.
We're going to do it overnight and you're
going to get it tomorrow morning,
so at least you've got that window so you
can prioritise.
That's 9:00 tomorrow morning.
That's where we're ready to go. Yeah,
and the the way the global content
calendar works is very similar,
and it is more about like the business
using the form in the right way and can
sometimes be.
Because if you put it in to the forum,
it gives us that early notification to
say that this is coming,
but we don't have all the information yet
to which when they do have the
information we get the trigger that sends
us the information to make it start on
the work.
But we've already allocated bandage that
piece of work because we had the early
notification. Yeah,
it doesn't always come in.
And that way,
and that's why I'll come maybe to me,
to Claudia to in the different labels
within the team of here's a heads up that
I really need support on that,
but it depends on where it's coming and
from what part of the firm that's coming
from.
And just I think could to most press
releases they could have had a heads up
or is it just that they generally not for
press release.
No, no,
it's more when it's like judgments,
isn't it?
It's where there's where there's a change
in law where they've maybe had early
notification themselves.
They are something they are like
anticipating there's going to happen.
So sometimes they will just work in the
background, drafting the.
The article that they want to put up on
the website but just yeah,
but just waiting for the that judgement
to go out. Yeah. Yeah.
And then when it's ready,
then we'll just let us know how this is
the time to, like, put it on the website.
So so Mandy that it is it fair to say
there is an opportunity that if they're
Yeah.
already drafting something that they
could give you the heads up at the point
Mm-hmm.
to which they're doing the drafting to
reduce the the the chances of a clash.
So maybe what we could do on the with a
type of request.
Test form where they're asking for that
they could do initial placeholder your
request that comes into you to say it's
happening.
That's what we're saying. That's OK. Yeah.
Yeah, that's what we're saying.
Is that 33 heads up,
and that's what the calendar is.
Yeah, and.
And then and then because the tool set.
So because service now as a tool set
enables them to give you an attachment
That's the planning calendar. Yeah.
after it's the they've registered the
request sort of thing.
So you can add to that fine if we
recognise that's the behaviour pattern we
Play song.
could establish.
It's in such a way that it actively
facilitates that,
so they give you the heads up, you start,
you sign and shuffle your workload
accordingly,
and then when they have the article,
they then attach the article,
you get notified it's in and then off you
go.
Yeah,
I think once the content calendar has
launched,
we basically this is the approach that we
are working on right now.
So for most of the publication
publications on the website,
we got advanced notifications that just
work the way that.
You just describe isn't an ideal word.
Yeah. Yeah. So, yeah,
you you have the intro to the form,
which you could share with us.
That has the information. Yeah.
And then I suppose it's touching on that
you call it the global content calendar.
Yeah. So that's in addition to the form.
Or is it this is the.
So as well the form. Yeah,
it's not so it works with the operational
form.
So it pulls from the categories for
publications distribution and and to
action less occasion.
So it works in conjunction with that form
that gives us the cases in shareville.
So it's on SharePoint,
you fill in the calendar and then when
they complete the calendar without the
information that pins to share,
well we get case reallocated to Mandy.
They upload the content it's that's
another case to us that we merge and make
into Mandy's.
And then if there's anything else as a
distribution or interaction.
Create other cases because we're seen as
three different things,
but work together as one distribution.
Yeah,
I can hear Paul Parikh churning away
technically solutionizing that.
So just to summarise them in the form.
Free information and the calendar there
is for scheduling and the events.
I mean it could be that in ServiceNow not
to solutionize is that that is a
combination that's a form.
We've got that information.
It's probably touching the point what
more information is in that global
content calendar that you need that isn't
captured on the form.
That might be useful to see as well,
and combining the two so that when it
hits ServiceNow,
you've got that green work assignment
prioritisation and then you've got enough
information to start that.
I suppose it's understanding that global
content calendar is it literally just
like a.
Calendar exactly what you've just said
there all the information that we need in
order to create a publication in the back
end.
So in the view that we have that all
completed,
we can take that information and put it
on the website,
probably depend on the size of the
article, which means being whatever, OK,
in a line to what you say actually just
the form.
And the information and the dates as one
input into in one place would be more
efficient.
I mean here to like show you what the
calendar. Yeah,
it's quite difficult to explain what the
technical aspects on the back end of CMS.
Content management system that we use,
that's all the information that's key to
like your seos,
how it's seen in the market,
how it's found on Google,
how it's in searchable,
that's all the key information that then
is put into the global content calendar
that feeds into the team as well as what
is actually visible visibly available to.
See on the website there's a lot of back
end information that's required as part
of which they're not.
They're not inputting is being pulled
from that content management system,
is that right? Or they enter?
It's going into the calendar,
let's say 19.
I mean it it's going into the calendar,
but in.
Is it worth being more on it? Yeah. Yeah.
Should we just go around? Yeah. Yeah.
Mark and parrot.
We're just going to have a look at the
global content calendar, if that's OK.
Yeah, no worries.
I'm just going to join the call.
I've I've let Mandy into the call,
so she should be able to share.
Yeah. Yeah. Thank you, Mark,
because I think it's all we're talking
about.
It sort of system and then they people,
it's just what, who's doing,
what that would be very helpful.
Thank you.
So I can share my screen now, yeah.
Yeah.
So you've only got the form that's come
in populated. Yeah.
So this is the the global content
calendar that we're talking about. Yeah.
Yeah.
So you can see just a calendar with
different entries. So.
Each of each entry represents like
publications that need to be go on the
websites okay and somebody has gone in.
The request has to go into that calendar
and fill in, add an entry there,
and fill in all the information.
So what's this like?
Sorry, sorry.
I might be asking a lot of questions here.
So let's say a fee earner.
Let's say for example a fee earner or
partners like hey,
I want to release this press statement
about a change of judgement.
They go into the form which feeds into
this,
not really the fee earner will go into
inserting the form so.
Probably the the business development.
Yeah, executive working with them.
So yeah,
we'll go and check in the calendar or the
calendar. Yeah,
go in the calendar and it's calendar.
So this is the calendar. Yes.
And the and inside the calendar,
we need to double click is a form that
they populate.
So for example,
if they want to and is that the scheduled
date for it to be published or the
scheduled date for you to help schedule
days to go published.
So you see we have cases schedule next
month, early next month.
So these are all the scheduled
publications that need to go out so.
Once they put an entry here,
we got like a notification saying
something like we've got an entry in the
new entry in the Global Canada,
something need to be put on the website.
Okay. Yeah.
And I thought actually it might be by 9
AM, 10:00 AM. So it's just by day.
You populate it, but you populate a day.
Essentially,
how many people have access to that
calendar to add stuff? Do you imagine?
Yeah. Anybody, anybody.
I think you said business development
tend to be done primary users,
but anybody could you could.
So talk to see.
You could do a press release,
Alex this afternoon.
Well,
it's good to know that your guide for
everything that may appear in it.
So you go in. Yeah, just select the dates.
Yeah, they go in. And as an entry.
And this is all the information that they
need to complete.
So the publication brief they need to
give us the publication date.
So so can I take that one?
Is it more charging,
is it you get out this one to say this
corporate forms not have to sign off from
the fact that these things are going out
here.
You're saying like everybody in the firm
can say we will.
I mean Chiller has to be some kind of.
I think we're going to get to that sort
of who I'm just thinking what point of
view that must be an approval process
rather than stop press.
Yeah,
I was going to ask the same question
Not at all.
because isn't there like the proof?
There's the logic will be,
there's a proofread first there's a,
you know,
validation that the content is correct,
etcetera. And then there's a final,
you know,
brand sort of kind of authorization
before it's released.
I assume there's a similar controls
process, right?
Yeah.
Well, that's my question,
but I'm just assume because it's about
the workflow you would need to know all
of those checkpoints and who does it go
to? How does it get sent off? Well,
it's who even that step before is the pre
approval that this release is going to
happen. You know, rather than stop press.
Something. Yeah. Yeah.
So I think what was on the website
primarily comes from the lawyers.
So they're writing the articles for
insights and for press releases.
They're also doing it as well.
So that's the two core areas on the
website that we support.
So lawyers do website. Yeah.
So they're writing the insights.
They're right in the press releases
generally,
maybe with PR support for the pest
release,
but generally speaking it's the lawyers
behind the content expertise are also
included in that largely speaking.
So whether it's partner, legal teams,
expertise Council,
you're perfecting team can get involved.
That's not to say that the.
Absolutely will be involved so they can
proofread the content.
We so when at that point that's probably
all the steps from a legal perspective
that they're doing from the content
creation,
it then comes on here and that's where we
pick it up. So from a brand perspective,
we are then.
Guiding the legal teams BD on how we can
present it on the website because there's
a lot of limitations with the website,
so it's more about how we can present
sector brand all brand guidelines but
also present the information in most
appealing way.
Bearing in mind as content heavy,
it's just a lot of text,
a lot of the time or a lot of links on
the website and then from.
So it's so. So just quick question.
So in theory your SLA clock starts when
your hands on it rather than the prep
before.
So we would need to be mindful that if
you know when when you're the ask service
It's.
clock starts and stops because you don't
want to have it start a point of.
Yeah.
Submission when they've got these other
teams involved doing the documentation,
etcetera,
you only really want to be measuring from
Yeah.
point at which it lands at you.
Is that fair?
Yeah. Yeah, no,
it's when we get the final content. Well,
agreed, inverted commas,
final content in from that second
notification where they've included the
attachment. Yeah. Yeah.
Got it. Yeah.
So there's lots of.
So you don't get involved in,
you talk about a lot of pre cheques
beforehand, you know.
Proofreading, but do you?
So that's inferred that that's already
been done.
Or do you go back and check the check so
we wouldn't check their check?
No policy check.
So there's always a live check on this
process or internally within the team
before what was on the website.
So there's always that internal team.
To check and then it was on the website.
So in that inception.
So for example I mean not to change this
form because but would would it be
needing to say before the request gets to
you that you've done the proofreading
sort of hand holding them a little bit,
they could do their own check box,
but 12345 proofreading?
On brand,
you know to give to ensure that they know
that when they're passing it over to you
that these cheques have been officialized
from a content perspective, yes,
from a brand perspective,
probably not because you need to
understand the capabilities of the system.
Some BD do,
others don't from a technical aspect of.
The system? Yeah.
What it can and can't do,
but from a content perspective,
we could incorporate that checklist in
the original, you know? Yeah.
And the original form,
it's that leading question that they've
done that. So they're responsible, but oh,
you didn't tell me that I had to.
You know,
you didn't pick up the proofreading or,
you know,
there's not blame such that it's a step
that they've completed that process and
it's a trigger for them to say, oh,
let me just, OK, let me double,
double check. And then that's done.
So we can certainly incorporate that for
your assurance that, you know,
it's been done before it lands with
yourself.
OK, that's good. Can I just Scroll down?
So there's lots of information on there.
Does that duplicate the form as well as
the duplicate information on this one of
the previous form like effective date or?
Oh.
Was it the duplicate?
You mean the community?
So they they've got the original form
that they have to complete, correct?
So this or this is the actual,
this is the actual form. Oh, OK.
I'm just so you see here we have like
please check this box to notify US client
that all materials are available for
drafting.
So for this one that they just put a
placeholder.
In the calendar,
saying that it's going to be,
this article is going to be published on
like the 3rd of November,
but we haven't got anything yet,
so they just leave it this box like say
no,
but if they have the content ready and
uploaded and put the attachment on that.
Entry.
Then they will change this known to yes
and then at that time we'll got the
another notification letting us know that
this article is ready.
The materials are ready for drafting the
work though within this.
Yeah. Yeah. So for this one,
you can see all the all the blue entry on
and the calendar,
they are all the placeholder.
So blue is new in new in and nothing no,
no content yet. OK yeah.
So all the stands one they are they have
the content.
Given provided to us and we are drafting
in the process of working on it. OK,
so that's in draught. OK yeah.
So all the red one are those who they are
already published. OK,
so we've got new working progress closed.
Yeah. Perfect. Yeah. Workflow.
If you took in ServiceNow language.
Yeah that is.
I mean,
that sounds like a happy part of new work
in progress close. But yeah,
I'm sure that there is on hold awaiting,
you know, awaiting further information.
OK,
that's again not to solution as a paracle
mark that's you know that's something
serviced now.
You know,
bread and butter of the of the
identification.
When you follow that process,
it does work. Yeah.
So if the lawyers and really follow this,
we can deliver instantly within like a
really short timeline where we hit the
pain point is where we don't utilise this.
It's because we've we've had the the
heads up probably we're what we find here
is although we're anticipating that we
want to deliver on say, the 30th,
we've not got final content.
So it's not us not meeting the deadline,
it's we've not been provided the final
content in order to deliver in time.
Yeah. And and in that.
And then what happens.
Go on.
Yeah. And you could,
it works as there's a lot of drafters
back and forth. So there's a divisions.
So all the back and forth that can happen,
Yeah.
we just had one recently where the whole
day was taken up with one article because
that it wasn't final content to keep
rewriting the content.
And that's what it's most time consuming.
Yeah.
Of those philtres final content awaiting
final content along your dashboard,
you could have it categorised,
but you know we're not in place or
triggers to say you know your SLA is you
know the onus comes on themselves.
They're also going to breach the.
Or the delivery of it because it's with
themselves.
But you can get those insights that
actually the responsibility isn't covered.
It's not. Again, it's not great.
It's just in order to manage your
workflow is that you're awaiting that
content and they can be triggered to have
that notification that it's due.
You know they can get that, you know,
within 4 hours that they still need to
The value.
get, you know, to is a lot of that.
Just a question on services,
a lot of that time stamp.
So if I'm then given an escalation in
relation to delivery time,
can I see when things were like added to
the measurement? Yeah.
So behind the scenes all.
Yeah. So I was just about to,
I was just going to, sorry Deborah,
OK. Yeah, sorry about that.
I was just going to chip in say because
you've got all of the automatic systemic
timestamps of when things come in,
when stuff gets yo and you've got that
Yeah.
into the apps,
you can use that data to run simple
reports to say how many.
Well,
last minute or how many didn't have the
documentation and therefore the impact on
your timeline and your demand.
So what you can do is you can use it to
model and report and then hopefully
Yeah.
upstream the leadership can influence the
community you're asking for this to say
Yeah.
this is what happens.
When you don't prepare yourselves,
this is what happened.
This is the implications on the
organisation and it makes it a little bit
more of a bolder conversation about
adhering to the process as you need.
Because you said,
if they do it and follow it,
Yeah.
you're really slick. It all works.
It's when they don't.
And I think we do do that,
mark with our quarterly report and I know
that's one of the topics we want to chat
about, it's more of an overall picture.
So where I've then used the data over the
quarter to identify for example, same day,
next day turn around,
that's been conversations.
I would have a leadership to say, well,
this percentage of the request that the
team have used,
for example for Europe in like 60 odd
percent of the requests have either been
same day or next day and then once that's
Yeah, yeah.
been highlighted,
they've worked with their senior teams in
order to then really reduce and focus on
what is important because of the
implications that does.
Yeah.
To have all my teams 100% with you on
that one because it does work.
Yeah. The other,
the other thing we can do within the tool
Yeah.
set is if you're nearing a a publication
date and you haven't got anything in,
Yeah.
we can flag up either on a dashboard or
via notification back to those people say,
Yeah.
hey,
you haven't submitted your documentation
yet and you're due to publish, you know,
so there's things we can do systemically.
Yeah.
To sort oil the wheels of that process
kind of thing.
Yeah, that would be good. Jim.
There's a sense that the ownership is on
them to in order to provide that rather
than the ownership on you to chase them
to provide it. Yeah.
So there's a lot of chasing for the team.
So we're we're monitoring what their
workload in order to go, right,
actually that's during the theory.
If I still don't have the content you
need to deliver on that day.
We're we're we're losing the window,
so that's then on the team.
So there's automatic notification of
where we've not got that a content that
we're good to do, an automation there.
This is I mean I think it's great.
You can see it,
but it's quite flat as well.
You've got news in a sense you could
break it down.
My status awaiting content got content,
you know, and those areas of priority.
You can have a priority in there.
And so actually within ServiceNow
dashboard you can see OK that's on hold.
I'm awaiting that. I can work on this.
I can turn it over.
There's lots of additional overlay and
give.
Rather than just new working progress
close, you've got all of those things.
And who is it lined with at the current
state sign back assigned to them or it's
with on hold awaiting that information
and therefore I can work on the ones that
I've got all the content for?
Yeah.
And I think from an ownership perspective
as well,
we'll need to engage with CMG MB MC on
this one because we don't actually own
this calendar.
So anything that we want to change,
we'll just need to, yeah,
this calendar comes your ServiceNow
dashboard. Yeah, in that sense, you know,
and it's, you know,
by the day you can get a month.
You get a week,
you get and you get your day view with
the clock ticking as it were, you know,
and equally from a global perspective,
you know what you can be assigned to
Brisbane as well in that time window.
So my question is probably going to be
along the lines of that around.
Stakeholders are used to seeing that view
on SharePoint,
so that's fine for internally we might be
able to see it differently,
but how do we still provide that type of
view?
Why to challenge back of that's an as is
today. So do they like to see it because?
What? You know? Why do they need it?
You know,
is it or is it very selfish that I know
on the 30th I'm going to get this?
Or do they like to have?
I need to see all the press releases.
I'm just wondering why it's nice to see
it. I mean, I'm enjoying what you know,
seeing activity and the end of the month
seems to be looking quite busy. Yeah.
That's probably that's the pain point.
But why today purpose as it's the
visibility to make sure we're not sending
out publications to the same clients or
spanning the clients as the the primary
focus,
IE it's supposed to be a planning tool.
But week.
For who and the legal teams,
but and do they? Or do they care?
Or do they just say this is when they
want it? So that's when they want it.
So so there is the.
They want to see it,
but at the end of the day,
they want what they want, when they want.
It's when the level of change. Right?
Yeah.
Keep that away from our stakeholders.
I know that they're used to seeing that,
but other patients are better or not.
So.
I don't know. We need to explore,
but it's more that change perspective.
I think The thing is team team from a
perspective of if if they get you know
If we remove that.
Yeah.
we're planning obviously to utilise
employee centre,
Yeah.
there's no reason why there couldn't be a
simple link from employee centre to a
Yeah.
Yeah.
view like this.
The other thing you could do with those
guys is give them a specific dashboard
view.
OK.
Right,
which would show Community publications,
Yes.
for example per customer group or,
you know,
The.
things that they can actively interrogate
to make it richer through,
OK.
like a dashboard or reporting.
So it wouldn't be real time. It might be,
Yeah.
you know, day -1.
But they could easily see.
What was done over that previous period?
So what we would probably need to do is
Yeah.
look at their specific requirements of
what they want out of it and we could
tailor something to be really smart for
them to utilise your employee centre view.
Yeah.
To really help them.
Yeah.
And I think that's all I'm talking about
here is we don't want to just take it
away and not provide something or some
other sort of view we need to get them
some sort of view and say over it because
it's open to everyone, right.
It's not just the stakeholders that use
it,
is it anything like legal that legal
teams can input to it.
And from a leadership perspective,
there's also a report that's pulled of
the publications and that goes to CMG
leadership, OK, could be nice.
As Mark was saying that you could be,
these are the.
Lots of them are ahead of the deal ahead
of the deal, you know,
can start to be in Richard further.
You know,
these are the ones that we're doing next
week. Press release, you know,
could also provide that category to give
further information about how to drill
down, go what is the, what is that,
what is that one you know and drilling
further. So it could be telling.
The story of what this week looked like
and what last week looked like and what
week ahead looks like absolutely order of
a requirements perspective from the
stakeholders around how they would want
to view this information.
Because I'm conscious they won't be on
ServiceNow,
they'll only have their employees able to
see things.
So we need to be really that way.
That'd be a nice.
Yeah. We also take an action. Sorry,
Deborah,
that it's spread into the voice of the
customer, the work that Kelly,
Martin and we can take lessons learned
from. I manage.
I believe that's been rolled out to
business eliana's leading on that.
So we can find a way to just make sure
the visibility.
It works for everyone to chillsbury the
other question I had was you said that it
works a lot of the time when people are
on time, it's quite slick.
What is the percentage or effort of your
time? Like if you had 100 tickets,
how many are last minute and people
haven't got like their ducks in a row.
Yeah.
As a percentage, it's more just,
it's the other way around.
It's we don't get the early notification,
it's everything comes at the same time.
So they'll put it all in for the 28th,
including the content, all the back end.
And that does work.
But if we've not had early notification,
we have to reshuffle. Could I ask you,
could you get early notification? Yes.
Is it possible? I mean,
do they know that or? Yeah,
they working on it,
I say so it is a change that once you are
start working on it.
It's a change of behaviour then in
stakeholders,
and when do they start to work on it?
I mean, they're in a system.
I'm just thinking at that point almost we
can ultimate or pick up that trigger that
they're working on on it so that they're
they don't have to go somewhere. You know,
you get that heads up.
So the legal teams will be working on it
probably days ahead.
So what kind of what it is,
but you're probably talking about two
days ahead of the actual release date.
It's whether that's been communicated to
the CMG for it to be included here on the
calendar to give us the early
notification or is it a case of legal
teams haven't instructed the CMG to,
which it's then all landed on the CMG,
then rolled on to us.
Yeah. So CNG know all of the heads up.
They are the no, they don't know either.
So the legal team knows the heads up is
the legal team.
So that's where we can get each other and
be like we should try and talk to each
other. You know,
we have to look them in a lot of the time
and what happens is the legal team will
come to us.
We had one for what we don't even have.
ACMG online,
we then had to do it on behalf of the
legal team, so there's there.
This is where we're having to work
backwards to get them to put it back into
the system,
and even then that doesn't work because
the legal teams aren't used to this.
So we're getting opportunities to use the
changing system to push the change of
behaviour through it, right.
You know there will be a big change and
I'm sorry,
what communications do you currently have
with your stakeholders? So for instance,
those that are constantly last minute for
getting people,
I'm just guessing like the lawyers that
generally write these articles are
typically the same people.
What channels of communication?
Or is it always you through your
quarterly report, you report up your boss,
talk to their boss, and then it gets down.
Is there a direct relationship or do you
think you can do to so? Yeah,
there's debriefs that we'll do so ahead
of the deal is one of them.
Where that was one of the ones that the
team we've done,
Brisbane is having a debrief session.
With the corporate team because they
already recognised that that wasn't
effective way of working. So yeah,
there there is that connection with the
stakeholders,
the CNG that's working with the partner
groups.
But also I'll reflect that and quarterly
reporting that does go to all leadership.
So there's two methods.
It seems very apologies,
it seems very retrospective rather than
the quarterly important one is both.
So there's like we,
we're just adding a new section this
quarter around like how can you help us?
Which is exactly that scenario that's
going in at the 1st of November of giving
us that early notification. Yes,
there's an opportunity that as soon as
they know, you know,
I mean that's probably what we're trying
to get to and stakeholder conversations
as well like I have them.
Throughout, so throughout the month,
so it's more about bringing those to life
with examples of like this is something
that we do need and it has been
addressing more of an awareness piece for
that particular area as well as it being
in reports and documented because they're
the legal teams that are working on it.
Do they get asked to work on?
I mean there's this.
Them to work on it. I mean,
they're good partner.
That's what I'm saying.
So there's an initial partner instruction.
So they're sending something that you
could then be part of that partner.
I don't know how they raise it.
They're going to just e-mail them.
But it could be that they.
On behalf of the P,
there is a A form already. You know,
I'm just saying that you get told at
exactly the same time as the legal team
which we're trying to investigate that.
But is that verbal to their 10s or to
their e-mail? Or could they? I don't know.
That is asking.
That's something that may be.
Through service,
now that you both get told at the same
time,
I mean in the sense that the legal team
would get not on service now,
but they get an e-mail and you would get
a ticket. I mean that's something.
That a change of behaviour that when the
PE is informing them you also get
involved, you yes,
I think that would work for early
notification.
We don't work directly with the legal
teams unless there's a set up that where
we do maybe work with expertise where
they've not got a nomination.
It's early notification. That's yes,
I think that would work,
but it's about also.
So incorporating CMG into that as well.
So it's not just us and the legal teams
that's incorporating CMG into that as
well.
And that initial request to trigger
partner on the PE,
maybe on behalf of that,
when she informs the legal team CMG
involved in you're you're informed.
So yeah,
all all parties effectively are talking
to each other, but through the system.
I just think the only the only thing I'm
thinking in my head is it probably starts
in a place where they're not going to try
to think this through, articulate this.
It's probably not even go to service now
to raise a request because they're not a
functional team.
They would just send an e-mail,
but we don't know who they send that
e-mail to 1st.
There's it could be like all the people
that will not be using ServiceNow as
their mean place tool.
It could be how we get a trigger to then
trigger a new ServiceNow for these guys.
I don't know how that would work.
That's where the connection.
That's where the connection of CMG comes
in for us,
for our notification and the purpose of
calendar is the partner group.
Legal teams instruct CMG and it's for,
yeah,
but they're not also always looked in
because of the relationship, which then.
Has an impact on us and where they do
have their relationship,
it works really well. We can,
we can take that as a parking lot of how
that initial. Yeah. Yeah,
I totally get the point that you're
making.
I just don't quite understand how we
change that here.
These are, you know,
I mean throughout the whole of last week,
they seem to be the ones that were on the,
you know,
tripling lots of emails that they might
be used. It will be PE.
So it's not on behalf of a partner or fee
earner.
Yeah.
So your P ES in this instance would be
your expertise lawyers,
but that's their expertise of law.
So they're they're then seen as the
effectively the P ES the PS and where the
admin behind the partner group,
whereas the partners instruction
instructing.
The associates, the senior associates,
the trainees,
the expertise lawyers that need to work
on that particular article to draught,
go through the revisions, they sign off.
Proofreading CMG, get involved.
Then we get involved. Published. OK.
It's as you said,
it's probably more we can public it,
but change.
Far, yeah,
everybody still have that challenge. Yeah.
And that's. Yeah. A waiter. Yeah.
You'll always have that.
Heads up challenge. Probably. Yeah.
It's better than it has been.
It's going in the right direction.
Is it perfect by norms?
So this is comes into you.
We can you can go to enrich it further.
So when you go in you've received it,
they're all the fields that they had to
complete is there further information
that you then say actually it's a
priority one priority two or you just
start to you start to assign it.
As to who's going to be working on what,
so if you take only the 28th today,
I mean yesterday you had quite
interestingly,
that there was one done one whip on one,
you know outstanding.
So that's actually let me take that what
happens in that case.
So we've got two from yesterday that's
still not complete.
So they're probably still the one that's
in progress is probably going through the
revision process that we spoke about of
redrafting for that one, you can't.
So if I was to click on it now,
would you be able to get that information
that where exactly where it is in the
process other than from the colour no.
Oh, OK,
so we could that's not we have it on our
site and was that on so that would just
be in journals and share well OK,
so in show you would actually says a
duplication that you would actually then
you could see post reference that one go
and show and see where it's at.
Yeah. Where it is in the process, yeah.
OK.
And if I was to go and Cheryl and pick up
that one,
it would you would be able to see maybe
it's in revision awaiting information or
is that all captured on notes.
So that information is there because
they've started the work it's potentially.
Awaiting a QC or there's a revision that
then requires a further QC.
Quality check. Yeah. Yeah. OK. Yeah.
So we can capture each of those steps.
You say?
So it's a work in progress and then it
goes potentially.
So does each one then have to have a
review.
Then accuse the quality check and then
complete. So what's the end quality check?
So once it's been drafted,
so we've got all the content we've
drafted it on the website and internal
quality cheques completed and then the
link is shared.
With the CMG and leading teams over their
final sign off, so work in progress,
then it will be in draught as it were.
Quality cheques,
link providers and then close, complete,
published close complete. Is that how?
It goes, I mean, not to, you know,
have a workflow that says every single
step,
but they can be checklist checklist in
there that is in draught on hold awaiting
revisions.
It's actually been quality checked.
And then I doesn't sound like you have a
live check between or peer review between
you and the team. Does that happen?
Magistrate live check and all.
All of these single one. Yes. OK.
And in we talked about live cheques last
week where you can actually say live
cheques. So it's assigned to it's,
you know, you don't have to,
you know appear on there.
But it could be over the shoulder.
Is it more like an over the shoulder?
They've looked at it or do they come out
of it and look and go through the whole
thing within teams?
You can always talk more about quality.
So basically,
for publications we run quality check
like a complete from end to end process
to check the content and all the tagging
all the links if they are working so.
It's sell them to do over the shoulder
because usually, yeah,
but there's too much details and yeah.
So basically one of the team members will
be assigned to to do the check.
And report all the discrepancies and
asked to be revised before sending the
preview link to the request.
And can anybody in the we have the
checklist anybody in your team do that?
So it doesn't have to be an approval
level or manager level.
Where do live cheques go to?
I think it's mostly the more experienced.
This members do the check that skills
matrix that we could have in the
background when you also you know you can
assign to to the IT could populate who it
goes to.
So it's in their queue a subset of your
team can you know capture that.
Yeah.
So this is one of the quality cheques
that we've talked about before with the
checklist in it.
So we'll use an approval workflow to do
that.
So you just obviously do it in teams
outside at the moment,
but we can do it in the system personally
completes the work,
can assign it to whoever's going to be
checking it for them.
And as Deborah said that we can use the
skills matrix behind that to auto assign
them based on skills and capacity and
then they can complete the checklist and
send it back really work and stuff like
that.
So it just does it in the system rather
than and you can catch my waiting
approval waiting live check.
And eventually marking your own homework
so that you're not live checking your own
work effectively, and what happens?
But it captures that that that's been
done and then moves on to the.
So after that live check it then is the
links are done,
the content's done the tagging's done.
And then it's ready for publication.
Can I just check can we go back to that
or sign on the policy check in C4?
Is that automatically when you move to
that state,
the system triggers this person based on
that skills matrix is available to do
that quality check or is it a case of the
team have had a discussion?
To see who is available to work on that
QC to then assign it to that person.
You can do it either way.
I mean it could be that you saved the
bits on, but those three of you,
so you've got skill and capacity. Yeah,
that that's probably the biggest piece
here for as a first market or it could be
that.
You might want to say you know it.
It's when you move on to that state,
the group, the three people,
it's a group captured and then you might
want to select the name or you can let
the system do.
It's the group and based on scaling
capacity,
so you're already in skill because you've
got your subset of the, you know,
individuals.
And then based on capacity,
it's different.
You can reassign if to another person,
even if that person,
even if it's been sensible and they've
got the capacity,
it could be that they say, oh,
can I reassign it to someone else within
that subset?
So it could be both ways really these
auto assignment and giving it to.
A person just stage to that SLA,
you know when it's busy or you might be
working at home and you're not all in the
office. So it could be either way.
You could just sort of go scenario one.
It goes to the subset group and you
select the person or it goes to the
subset group and a defined person
automatically and where.
So that's fine and where you have.
The assignment where Maggie's been
assigned to do the check is that notified
to the stakeholder is that no
notifications then sent out.
That's internal to your, to your group.
Yeah. OK, so it's not notifying. No, no,
no,
because you're just going through your
workflow as a as clients, you know,
that's what you're doing.
Within your workflow,
sounds like you don't want to notify them
no, at least to my emails.
For this on the best it could be that
they see the original request to seize
where it is in the workflow. Yeah,
but then that's be notified of every time
you're doing something. Yeah.
So I think for me the from a operational
team, yes, that's fine.
I think the autonomy for the team to be
able to reallocate.
It's quite important based on where they
have a gap,
but also where we have articles that are
first to market.
We need people available to pick up AQC
that the team will discuss and teams like
who's available for aqc this one needs to
go urgently. I need Mandy,
who's waiting on information coming back.
The system is not going to know.
That necessarily it's more that Mandy can
go,
I can take that and they can just assign
it to Mandy in order for the QC to happen
urgently and deliver on time.
So I think that's one aspect and for me
obviously is the communications for
stakeholders that they don't receive.
Numerous notifications because it reduced
get lost in a sea of notifications.
Oh yeah. And then yeah,
So what they want to know probably is,
you know,
the first thing will be where is it every
time they get something back it will be.
And so when am I getting it?
I mean that's their that's probably their
ultimate question, isn't it?
Just don't tell me every step.
I just want to know when it's done and
that's just just on that allocation.
So it's better to think of it for phase
one is like a proposal you can absolutely
go in and reassign it,
but we would probably want to build it so
that as you go forward with things like
capacity and everything else become more
mature.
You can trust that auto assignment piece.
You can always reassign to say you know
there's,
there's always the opportunity to go and
move it to to somebody else.
But you know only ever go to some set of
a group. Yeah.
I think for me it's that fear of like it
goes to the team leader being Claudia,
who's sitting in a meeting like that.
Calendar like where?
It doesn't say that Claudia is in a
meeting, for example,
because she's the team leader and then
that's been assigned to Claudia,
who's not sat in front of her laptop.
I was like from my side,
that's the concern of if it goes to that
group because Claudia has got that
experience of being able to say QC or.
Mandy. But does it talk to the calendar?
That's saying that actually,
Mandy's out well in the 1st place,
as you said probably for your trust and
confidence in the system.
It can just be assigned to the group,
the subset group, you know,
quality Check Group,
which is a subset and you can assign the
person. And as you grow that.
Scale and capacity and it looks like
who's available or not available.
Then it can also assign later on, yeah.
It's also worth saying that the members
of the group themselves can select their
own tickets, right?
So if they see something in the group and
Yeah.
go, that's it. You know,
I can I can best support that they can.
Yeah.
They can assign it to themselves and
start working on it.
So there's that freedom as well. You know,
through that group structure.
It will be on your dashboard,
but these were waiting. Yeah. Awaiting.
Please. Sorry, John. Sorry,
I don't know what to listen to.
I was just going to say it'll be a
challenge for all of us.
We don't have a calendar that won't be
able to link that to.
That could be something that.
It'll happen in the future,
but it won't happen for day one.
From the notification perspective, again,
we'll need to the what notifications get
sent,
so if we think about our stakeholders
etcetera are using the portal.
So if they're sitting in the portal,
things will show for them, right?
We'll get numbers to see you've got task
or.
Notification or whatever,
but we can also e-mail them because we'll
have stakeholder groups that won't be
sitting in ServiceNow like us, right?
But we just need to take the at what
stage that is that won't be throughout
the whole movement.
If they went to the portal,
we'll see where it's sitting at each
stage in there.
But we don't need to necessarily notify
them all.
We might notify them only on the clause.
Yeah, only when receipt, right.
So that's something that from an ***
perspective, would leave.
What that looks like? Yeah,
I think the nervousness for me comes
around where we were QC.
And then based on a system,
when a stakeholder comes back to me to
say,
why was that not delivered on time when
it sat with Claudia?
Based on the system automation that was
then. So that's. Yeah,
she she's my team leader. Sorry. Yeah.
So there's like Claudia, of course.
The the team leaders or like,
coordinators and specialists that are the
ones that are Q seeing.
But they're more likely to potentially be
in a workshop or be on a project that
involves taking them away from the
day-to-day. You see,
it's always in clients that they're a
subset of your team.
They're not outside of. Yeah.
So it's all an ask client. OK. Yeah,
you could.
It sounds like initially you can just go
on the dashboard. This is awaiting.
Can you say?
And you can also assign based on the
availability just for that trust
initially as the first phase.
I don't want it to backfire because I
could see very easily back happening on
my team.
So I think what's important here is there
will be lots of testing done, right.
So this isn't something that we're going
to walk away from here just now and then
make your decision.
And it's also something that we need.
To consider an enterprise level because
IT will need to do the same sort of stuff,
we need to set the system up in a certain
way.
These are all valid things that have been
brought up before,
like it's not anything that none of us
are aware of.
It's something that we'll work through
and naturally understand where that auto
assignment piece works.
But it's something that we should try and
achieve both from as tickets come in,
we should be able to assign them based on
the scales matrix that we have based on
how we can measure capacity and the
system,
but also your quality cheques and all
that kind of stuff.
So we should be thinking about that where
we get to,
we're just going to need a trial. Yeah,
I think that's the journey, isn't it,
right.
It's my.
And I think for me,
like we're from this team and what we're
comfortable with,
I would say like Team Auto assign because
of from a stakeholder perspective,
from from change the expectation of when
a person's assigned as they know that
they're working on it.
If I have a notification that goes out to
the stakeholder group to say,
Andy's now working on that case and I go
actually.
In that hour,
I'd be assigned it to the next year. Yeah,
they will just be.
They won't be of that information.
So don't worry.
They're not going to be triggered in
fires of is there a reason that they
won't know who do they need to know?
Yeah.
So they'll generally pick up with the
individual, whether that be on teams,
a call as the original requester. Yeah,
we'd want to know who.
So that's the team is packing up.
What we're trying to change a little bit
is how we meet those communications when
we're updating information.
That's what the portal's for.
So they can go into.
Portal and see the case.
It may have the name against it.
We haven't actually read that yet,
right about what that looks like in the
portal,
but they will be communicating through
that case or the questions that come up
rather than going or just teams. Mandy,
if we get a question to ask,
it's so much easier.
It's not like saying that an e-mail.
Was in an e-mail box and has to go
through a case and all that kind of thing.
It's just in front of you like a chat.
Yeah, I've got it on the.
I think that's about this message for us.
I've got it on the screen. Jill, chat.
Right. So it's kind of like teams.
You've got an action to be able to chat
backwards and forward.
But it's on a case rather than thinking
about chatting.
And it's not like as in a view of what
the stakeholder would say is like if
that's ask client. So it's not Mandy,
it's ask client is communicating with you,
you'll see the name.
So I've got it on the screen.
So we can see the name. Yeah. Oh, yeah.
Sorry. It's been submitted essentially.
Can you share Josh,
can you share your screen mate just the
way. Thanks.
It sounds like this is an area that,
you know, as you said,
it's probably quite sensitive.
So you can move it along the workflow and
the stakeholder can see that it's moved
from work in progress or waiting
information or.
Now in QC,
in that quality check and then we get
that information.
Is that whether you need them to have the
state as well as the person working on it
now?
Probably I would say as a resistance that
you're trying to put trust back in and
that it's being worked on.
Rather than contact that in having that
name and then saying,
where is it what you need,
what you know it's avoiding further arms
and legs communication in another
platform on teams and and having service
now as a single point of entry to trust
that it's being worked on or communicate
with you. We can have notes in there.
But then coming out the system calling,
you emailing your team's view,
it's just how you would like to manage
that. Now if you have,
if you want them to have a named
individual, that's fine,
but it's you also have the challenges why
you want them to have a name.
Is it so that they can badger them?
So it would be it would be that contact.
So a lot of.
What I get is like who's going to be
working on it and who can I contact?
Yeah.
Who is the person and what do they
behaviour of the firm and they want that
to they want to push it along that I need
that or that I need to communicate that
out.
It's more about it's a change piece for
the firm around.
The legal teams,
the behaviours of those teams,
CMG just needing a person to work on it
and a lot of the feedback is it was great
to just have Sam or Mandy on that
particular case that worked through that
from start to end. Great.
But it's about that named individual and
being able to pass.
So one of the things so if it helps
operationally,
Sorting art.
one of the things your teams can do,
so as soon as they get an assigned ticket
Yeah.
as Josh was showing you the angle here
for where customers can interface into
Yeah.
the record,
the users can also from the record,
the agents from the record can do it the
other way. So they.
Yeah.
Do a customer comms or note in the record
say HI.
Yeah.
I'm working on your case etc and then
that will appear automatically on here.
So there's some steps operation you can
do to open the dialogue,
Yeah.
engage via the mechanism here.
Yeah.
That opens the door for this is the route
in because then what you get in the notes
Yeah.
structure of the actual record itself is
all of the communications.
Yeah.
The reason that's quite important is
because if you you can have some
customers who are.
Yeah.
Yeah.
ETC.
You'll have it all in the record all in
Yeah.
one place, you know,
and you can export PDF that record if you
Yeah.
wanted to have a straight conversation
with the individual,
you know there's a lot of benefits in
opening the engage in the engagement of
Yeah.
the record through that chat mechanism.
Mm-hmm.
Maybe I can ask you what do they do with
that information today so that you you've
told Mandy's working on it.
What what's their first step that they do
knowing that piece of information,
the first thing is when is it going to be
done is it is it badgering or is there a
reason why is there more back and forth?
Sometimes,
sometimes they what they put on the
request is like I have a task I wanted
you to to to do something for me.
But I'm I can't share the details right
now, so I'll share whatever.
Whoever to what, whoever is picking it up.
This is the QC. This is the check.
We're talking about no,
the initial initial request that put in,
so sometimes they just put in like I have
like a PowerPoint formatting task that I
need you to you guys to help me,
but I don't have the details right now.
So I will share whatever the information
to whoever is picking it up.
So once like for somebody,
if I pick this case up and they know that
I'm working on it,
they will share the information directly
with me, yeah,
via e-mail or via phone call or teams
message.
And sometimes because we have been, like,
working with the team for so long.
So they kind of like.
Knows what our individuals,
the status or working behaviour.
So for example,
they know that I'm I can turn around some
cases very quickly, get used to you being,
you know, I can go around the back. Yeah.
So for example. Yeah. So for example,
if they know that I'm picking this up
there okay many things can turn it around.
In like 2 hours for for example,
if there's a junior members,
they will probably take more time,
need more time to turn it around with the
same case.
So sometimes they will have that kind of
preference. Yeah,
two things going on here.
Sometimes the communication is positive,
right?
From your stakeholders because they
appreciate what work that you do.
Other times the communication is not
positive.
So what we're trying to do is strike a
balance here, right?
What we want to remove or not necessarily
remove, but what we want to impact is.
That negative side of that communication
coming from all angles and actually being
able to have a view of that communication
so that we can then start to have the
conversation around what communication is
helpful and positive,
what communication is actually hindering
this providing our job, right.
Yeah.
That is what this will do,
and nobody is underestimating the change
for your stakeholders that that will have
here. However,
it is a massive benefit that we will be
plugging from this whole project,
right and that's the approach that we
need to start thinking about is how we as
well.
Recognise that behaviour and find
opportunities in the system to be able to
streamline it through there the forms and
stuff that we're using will help that
initial information going in.
Then the communication can go forward,
your name will be on it.
We won't be a faceless organisation,
but what we need to start working with
the stakeholders as.
So around educating them on communicate
through here,
I'll get back to you really quickly.
It will be there,
it will pop up on my dashboard.
I'll see it.
You've got a really good service by
communicating with us through this.
Jill, there's there's another advantage,
of course that you know,
Sorry, mark. One minute. Sorry. Look,
I think I think sorry, Mark. Yeah,
to the point that if if you've got a user
community.
I think my reservation is there because
of how because they're not going to be in
service now.
So they're not going to be in the
dashboard. So we'll
and put that message so.
So all the requests,
maybe if you just yeah,
if you say that you're so they they've
requested it and they now they want to
know without updating.
Yeah so that that communication we're
just shifting the communication from
teams to service house so that's not an
issue it's just more about how's that
then notified the stakeholder group do
they need to be sitting in a platform
waiting for that.
Communication in relation to that case,
like how is that brought up to the
stakeholder with Mandy's sent a message.
Is that an e-mail that pings to them? Say,
Mandy sent you a message.
You need to look here or like,
how does that work from a stakeholder
perspective?
That's a waiter part of the change piece,
right?
So the decisions around that at that
level and so we don't know yet because we
need to understand what notifications and
when we're going to be sending.
And by notifications,
I don't mean messaging through this.
I mean you'll be sending an additional
e-mail to point them back into ServiceNow
to.
For those messages,
it's really critical about where we do
that and if there's actually a need for
this to do that. Because actually,
if we do their job really well through
change,
people will understand that that is the
place to go to get those communications
and start to get used to that. Sorry,
I know you're glad to ask a question.
Question but.
To Mandy's point,
we need to stamp out this behaviour of,
oh, if Mandy's working on it.
I know I can get in two hours if somebody
else is working on it,
they back off and give you 4 hours.
I think we need to be if you. Obviously,
if you deliver before your SLA. Amazing.
But I think we need to stop that, like,
behaviour.
It's a constant level of service.
So as long as.
You're hitting your SLA,
I think even Mandy, like,
didn't respond until like obviously till
they do that. No,
they don't send it deliver quicker.
Obviously I'm not saying go,
But but this was the point.
but it's that consistency.
They shouldn't be changing their
behaviour. Oh, if it's Mandy.
I know I get into if it's someone else,
what's not calling that right is Mandy
does encourage them.
It.
Go through the portal or get signed to
the most. I'm sure she does,
but I just think it's their shift of
behaviour. Confidence. Yeah,
Boot.
and I think the largest change is going
to be on the stakeholder group and how
they work with the team because I think
we are very open to all of that.
It's just my nervousness comes when it's
from a stakeholder perspective and what I
know about the stakeholder group and how
they will react.
The notification.
So I was going to say what Mark's going
to say,
which is what you permit you promote,
not like him.
Yes.
How do you want to interject?
Well, it was two things.
It was going exactly where Ruth ended up
saying what you permit your pro.
This is about us really trying to derive
the right behaviours from the customer
community for the best outcome from
Ashurst. Overall,
that's the important thing.
The second thing is that.
Yeah.
By,
by the very nature of having the
Yeah.
communications than the data, etcetera,
etcetera. What?
What do you start to be able to do is get
the levelling across the team.
Yeah.
So it's not just Mandy being the star
deliverer that everybody wants,
that actually the teams look at how they
operate.
Look at the performance and you bring
everybody up such that.
You can deliver that consistent view.
It's not necessarily pulling a person
1.
back,
it's lifting the erformance right across
your operation and then driving the right
behaviour because you're delivering a
consistent output that the customers will
get better service by going the preferred
route.
Then if they go,
you know the you know the suboptimal
Yeah.
route if you like.
I completely understand that mark,
that I'm on the same page as you.
I think it's.
I would be doing my job if I wasn't
raising the concerns that I already know
from the stakeholder group of where that
implicates change and the behaviours are
all going to be faced when we make those
changes. Can I just hope so? Just.
Rollbacks, yeah.
And you're not alone. Sorry. Just sorry,
Deborah. You're not alone.
Every session we've had,
pretty much it comes through the the
trigger point that says yes,
but we've got an audience or a user
community or, you know,
partner community who don't want to do
Yeah.
this.
So there's a massive ask around that and.
It's going to have to be top down to
support you to exactly your point.
OK.
Sorry, it's also phased,
so we're not going to expect that we
behave the way we want on day one,
but we can phase it in and say right,
let's aim for this and let's aim,
I don't know,
40% of all communications are through
service now through the portal,
nobody goes and pounds Mandy or Leanne or
any other.
I'd be quite sorry one of your
coordinators or team leads,
but let's aim for 40% and then the next
quarter of the aim for 50,
we can graduate and then you phase out
the bad behaviours. Yeah,
I was going to say actually you're not
alone. Also,
as soon as you touch touched upon
assignment groups.
There is a reservation of gosh,
how's that going to, you know what,
what's the impact? So again,
but I think I probably just wanted to
touch points of your stakeholder
notifications.
I think that a few times you got the
request that plus the stakeholder.
Is that captured so when you get that
initial request,
do you know who's it the ultimate
stakeholder?
Because I think that's probably,
since instead of just informing the
request or closely,
you want to also know they brace it on
behalf of or what's that model? Yeah.
So they can do it on behalf of.
Right, as well as like,
so the lawyer is working on it.
Somebody might have made the request that
this is what we want.
But there are another audience that you
also need to inform when it's done.
It would still go with the requester.
So the request is the one that's
responsible for notifying.
The one they're acting behalf of. OK,
so I didn't know whether you wanted to
capture a subset that the requestor gets
and these get OK because you said
stakeholder, but it's actually called.
It could put the language back.
It's the requester. Is that correct? Yeah.
So, OK. OK. Perfect.
Can I just finish off that work?
Sorry, so I'm just writing on that point.
Of course the the primary contact point
for us is always the request, OK,
but because for now all the
correspondence that we sent out by a
shareware is.
In an e-mail format,
so sometimes the requester would put in
the other other fees,
owner or partners in CC so that whenever
we reply to to a case they all these
people,
all these optimal stakeholders will also
get the that I was it was only plural,
not just request.
So I'm wondering at the at the forum at
the beginning,
other people notified because
particularly you've got some of those
activities that are in a month,
you know you're going into November.
This person might be away or a day off
that they get notified and then others
don't get notified.
So there could be an opportunity that
other stakeholders are notified.
I think it's probably a selection that
they need to make the start of who needs
to be informed because not every category
is going to have the same level
engagement across all stakeholder groups,
and each ear works slightly differently.
Yeah, we could do that.
So it's more about a selection for them
to decide at that point who needs to be
informed.
And it could be limited that they can't
put 50 people you know they can't put the
world in.
They could just be a handful and you
could structure it at levels, you know,
maybe it's partner, you know,
one from this group, one from this group,
one has got all three from three or four.
Yeah. Global content, calendar lists.
Is going to be like your key contacts and
that we are likely they are going to be
in the e-mail group,
so it should hopefully feed from there as
well so we can utilise that form,
OK can I,
I know we're going to think about it.
You know this will be a good point to
stop this probably.
I mean that's one process we've discussed.
A lot. So we've got it hits yourself.
It's new work in progress.
It could be in draught awaiting further
information, awaiting more updates.
You might then come back another
iteration on hold, awaiting further.
You know, it could have.
It could be cyclic in the sense that.
You're doing it and then when that's done,
it could be, as you said,
in QC live cheques,
links content and then close complete.
Is that sort of the path that I captured
that correctly is that the path or is
there two more, more or less? But then I.
But then I I just want to chat all these
stages that you just mentioned.
Do we have to manually select or they
just go from one stage to another
automatically it just once it's done
completely just moves it on to the next
one.
So we have to like change it manually
from like.
Draught completed or waiting for QC or
now waiting for additional information.
Then we need to change the status. Well,
that in if there's loads of different
things on hold,
or it could just be a check box that
you're just checking it.
You don't physically have to move it
along the workflow, but within.
Work in progress.
It could be that rather than having work
those dates for each of these,
you just have a checkbox that it's on
hold or you're waiting for further
information. Yeah,
because and then when you completed that
it when all three check boxes are done or
wherever it is,
it just moves on to the next stage for
you or if there's an approval.
We even not like click the select,
click the begin work in on share.
Well yeah,
that's the behaviour of team behaviour
that will need to be addressed on moving
cases along.
Then if it's so at the minute we have
what begin work on hold pending completed.
Just kind of high level and share.
I think we will from begin work jumped
and completed it was a manual click.
So it's extra effort for the team.
It's more about how do we make it easy
for the team to move through the the
stages and the importance of that.
So that's more of a change piece for the
team.
And how it informs things like reporting
our stakeholder view,
it impacts several areas.
Maybe it's not as complicated as in
shareable. It's so much more. OK,
it's going to be the visibility again,
but the behaviour piece is really
important.
So we will need to change that behave
that you want to be able to move that
through and make this successful.
To be that,
any task takes longer to complete the
form than it does actually work,
but you don't need version,
but actually that's probably going back
to assignment groups so that it comes in
to show when it's unassigned,
and then you assign it and at that point
it becomes work in progress.
And it's where they need to collect again.
Work. So right now for the team to do it,
they have to collect that.
So I think what what we're saying here is
it's probably good to see it in service.
Now how that actually looks. I mean,
if you're so it will be that as soon as
you know in the past when I've looked at
sort of semi field engineers out and they
have to.
To start their work,
it's been assigned to them as soon as
they sort of then say complete work,
or accept they accept the task.
Almost that that's when the clock starts.
But it could be for your purposes that
everything is new and you start work when
it's assigned to you. Yeah.
So that that's currently how we work,
yeah.
Or you're going to do auto assignment
based on skill matrix in phase two. Later,
when you've got that trust in it,
you can say you know the clocks.
You know I've I've accepted it and I'm
working on it. And the clock,
even though you're not going in manually
doing lots of work, then you're.
SLA starts from the point of acceptance
and you can start working on it by that.
It's it's very easy in service now and
once you've checked all your cheques you
can then just also assign for the QC to
another person and move it along the
workflow. Yeah,
I think it comes back to a change
behaviour for the team and.
The purpose, the reason like yes,
why it's important and the reason why you
Yeah.
know sometimes you have to move it along
the workflow is because as you said it's
very much like new whip closed but you
want to get some insights into that
behaviour that is actually gone on to QC
you know QC.
Another person. When did they pick it up?
When did they complete it?
You get lots of. Yeah. And of information.
And that's the team as well. Though of.
Is that going to come back on the team
though of when they moved it into that or
is that going to be triggered?
By a system, as in,
we've done that part of the task that
moves the case along.
Or is that relying on the team doing that
because that,
again could potentially backfire? I mean,
what point today does it move along?
What what do you, how do you trigger?
That the person who's got to do QC,
that's enough.
So I think the challenge is you do,
you're not going to be completing work in
service now because you need to do it in
your other system.
So you put stuff in PowerPoint, you do it.
Whatever other systems it is that you use,
right?
So had if that work all happened in
ServiceNow,
it could do exactly what you're talking
about and automatically you would
automatically do that piece of work in
ServiceNow and it would change the status
of it.
But because the work's done outside the
ServiceNow, we'll never get that right.
So there is going to need to be.
And in element of moving those statuses
forward is not as clunky as in share.
Well,
I'm going to worry about it's going to be
a behavioural change for the team,
but there's several reasons why we can
articulate that that's important.
It's also important from a stakeholder
perspective because they will have.
You.
And the employee centre of how that case
is moving forward.
So as you move it in status,
it will change for them as well.
That should stop your chasers or at least
reduce them, right?
Because they'll be what you see. Oh,
they're currently working on it.
I can see it's moved forward, etcetera.
Oh, I'm expecting On this date.
We're on track for that.
You know that type of stuff they'll be.
More difficult for the team.
So I think from so easy to do, yeah,
I mean I I want to try and remove that
the element of this is going to be a
labour intensive process that is actually
potentially going to be something that's
actually the backfires.
Can we maybe take an action that I think
this isn't the first time I've actually
heard this in these workshops?
Maybe we take an action that we give a
demo like a one O 1 of what the agent
workspace looks like.
How the workflow looks.
I think that's quite important for us to
be able to feed that back to the team.
Also back the workshops of like this is
this is going to be really good.
This is going to be a lot easier and
we're able to track it.
I can sell that to the team I can.
You know, in the experience it's easy,
but the main thing is that, yeah, I do.
I'm like,
I don't understand you could you could do
in sense that it's great for bulk.
So you could have worked on a few and you
want to bulk or just you know it's.
I'm rest assured it's very easy.
It's not suddenly a button.
How do I move it long?
It's a rest assured. That's it's. Yeah,
that's what ServiceNow process to
shareholder basically forces the team to
to do the things that we need in order
for reporting. For example,
ServiceNow is a workflow management.
I mean, that's what it does. Yeah.
It can't move on. Yeah,
So so to one of.
So if you want to automate,
until completed all these aspects.
if you want to automate the state changes
then you can then you'd have to drive it
Yeah.
through a task, right?
So somebody gets a task they can when
Yeah.
they close the task,
it automatically changes the state kind
Yeah, yeah.
of thing. Now if to Jules Point.
If your task activity is being done
outside the tool, then all that means is.
If you get extra work because you have to
manage and close a task,
whereas what you'd actually want is when
they complete the task,
they just switch the state. It's a very,
you know it's one.
It's me.
You can have it either way,
but it might be you actually do want to
Yeah.
manage their.
Yeah.
Then buy tasks so you get start of that
task complete of that task and you can do
Yes.
that.
I think the point Deborah's trying to
sort of articulate is that ultimately
you've got a multitude of ways of doing
Yeah.
it.
The key thing is is about where you want.
OK.
They're still discipline.
Your team still need to either be
disciplined.
To complete a task or discipline to
change a state and that I think is what
Yeah.
you're alluding to in ServiceNow,
it is easy. That's the point parek,
you've got your hand up.
You want to comment.
Yeah.
Yeah. Thanks, mark.
That's a mark on your last point, right,
Yes.
the behaviour changes.
What do you want to drive?
Obviously automations can follow if you
believe you know everybody,
people are ready to work on the platform
and they're ready to, you know,
manually close this out, close the task,
etcetera.
The the issues I've seen with these
automations, they're never perfect.
And then you have to put a lot of
customizations on custom core on top to
manage.
These automations cause your tasks are
unique to your your business processes,
so please keep that in mind because there
are multiple things to be considered
before we even think of automating
something within the platform which is
not native.
And that's all I want to highlight at
I'm not even thinking automation.
I'm more thinking like pop up prompts or
this point, yeah.
that they can't move on without
completing a section or a stage that then
moves the case on.
So it's more of like a visual reminder.
Yeah, that that we can control. Yeah,
absolutely.
You just have those.
That we can control with the workflow,
correct? Yeah.
Speech cheques. Yes, I I don't. Yeah,
I don't think it's automation as such.
It's more about that visual pop up to say,
hey, you've not filmed in this section.
We need that information before we we
will do that.
That's OK, yeah. Yeah.
Mandatory fields sector are fine. Yeah,
So you can find mandatory films. Yeah.
that's OK.
Yeah.
I think the demo piece is something that
we can circle back on,
but maybe just think about timing of it.
Now that we've done the workshops,
we might have a bit more idea where we
can build something that's a bit more
specific to ask and how the workflows
work and combine all those. Yeah,
we've done demos, right.
We've done demos on the intro calls and
it doesn't really.
Level.
I'm just going to ask you to trust us,
right? There's. I know it's easy to see.
There's a lot of work going on in the
background and particularly perspective
is around that will change peace for our
stakeholders and for our internal team.
The system won't solve all the problems,
but it will help us to actually serve.
It's a lot.
For those issues and find the right ways
to do it at this stage,
this is our first Rider workshop.
We haven't made decisions on some key
fundamental things because we need to
consider what comes out in these
workshops to make the right decisions for
everyone.
So I'm just really calling just that.
It's important to get through the content
from your actual processes.
Today,
because this is the bulk of what in the
when Josh will take away to be able to
then build those workflows so that they
we can start going,
that's not going to work.
That is going to work and go through
those iterations.
That's kind of the next stage.
So that's probably a good place to land
for great.
But I've never in my experience that live
ServiceNow people described it as clunky.
And but you know actually it mobilises
the team in.
I can go from I've got headspace to added
value.
I mean that's my in my experience with
the menu that I've done is that it's not
really correct. You know,
it's not only complete, it's correct,
it's compliance.
I can actually get some headspace to add
value back like rather than chasing your
tails in it.
So rest assured a bit that's a bit of
trust and lead for quantum lead,
but that's,
you know in my experience and you know
what we.
I here for to ensure that you that
clunkiness word never comes into your
vocabulary,
but this is also an opportunity,
like even for your team.
If you want to reset behaviours like it
may not be the technology tool itself,
but some of the things we're talking
about.
The technology can only do so much,
but if this is an opportunity to reset
just or if you think actually this
process could be better,
I know we've only gone through one
process,
but it's also an opportunity to challenge
yourselves and say actually it works.
But it's working because we work,
but I think that's what fundamentals for
me is more about.
If I understand that I can sell that to
my team really easily and I think that's
from the lack then of understanding of
how on service now that works and how
that would work in practise to then
confidently deliver that message around
because I I'm completely and this is
going to change and it's going to be the
best change for the farm and the team.
More about how I implement that change
for the team because it needs to be
something that is beneficial for the team
and not seen as something going back the
least.
We have to be careful about how to
position that.
I think maybe I think the commitment,
hopefully I'm not wrong,
is that we're either going to give you
something like for like or better,
but ideally it's going to be better when
CC service.
And I promise you, once I see it,
it will look cleaner. It's slicker.
It's not going to say it's like Amazon,
but it's pretty user intuitive.
It it really is.
I've I've actually got my support.
We use service now,
so I'll show you my ticketing tool and
how it works,
so maybe that'll give you some confidence.
If you can't wait for the demo,
the other thing I was going to say was I
would still challenge yourselves to say,
like actually could this process be more
succinct? Could this workflow be better?
What can we do to help? You know,
Mark touched on it.
Is there something the skills broader
within the team?
This is also just an opportunity to reset
as a whole, if it helps.
Drive the right behaviours and how you
work with the business. Yeah,
probably a good place to stop.
And I'm as I'm loving you've just done.
Done end to end.
We've done happy part but you get it and
you receive it and you work on it and
it's great.
And then we've done all the hold and
iteration.
Maybe have a quick break and I it sounds
like we've just done one process,
but actually we've discussed a lot of
language about I'm conscious that you
think, Oh my goodness,
we've got that's not the case one because
you're challenging that us on the
language of what does that look like
assignment groups?
Who's going to inform notification?
And as we go through these other ones
that manage events, you can say new,
it's been assigned. If you work on it,
you do call it.
So you can sort of see repetitive by the
end you'll be you'll be you'll be almost
rattling new assigned notifications.
And that's how we'll go through it.
So probably come back just to challenge
his support on cancellations or on hold,
you know how they're managed,
if that even exists. You know,
does it come in once it's in,
do they get cancelled or does the person
just remove it off the calendar? But.
Should we have a quick break or do you
want to flush that out?
Should we do that after? Yeah,
should come back at quarter past,
quarter past, if that's OK. Yeah. Perfect.
Thank you. Thank you.
11:15 yeah, no problem.
Yeah. Did you want? I would.
I was gonna bring my extension.
I would actually appreciate that.
Ready when you are, Josh.
Are we back on Joshua? Not quite yet.
Can't hear anything so.
Can you hear us, Mark? Sorry.
Can I just one quick question about the
Yeah, yeah, hear you now.
chat, the yeah, the potential. Yeah.
So obviously there will be stakeholders.
And the chat and the chat and service now
will be with the requester. Yeah,
so the the original requester, correct?
I don't know if this would be beneficial
or if it should be done or not because of
visibility,
but is it possible to add people?
That's what we're saying in the original
form.
If you've got those three people that you
are selecting that if you are awake
because the request might be a month in
advance that they also get informed. Yeah.
And is there like a, you know,
somebody else wants to share this,
you know,
like on a need to know basis and then?
They're not part of those.
You can can you export or something? Yeah,
or something. If if they wanna, like,
know what's been going on.
You.
And they've been added so, you know, like,
oh, we've been given these three people,
but like something happened.
Like they're not here but, like,
so this person's gonna do it,
but they're not part of.
I think maybe that's a wide conversation.
If who needs to know when or you said
that it's the responsibility of the
requester to keep those people in the
comms, maybe we can pop that link. Yes,
sorry.
But but it is worth, sorry, Deborah,
to jump in there,
it is worth just noting the agent or the
whoever it is that's responding to that
Yeah.
record,
they can if I say do a right click you
know PD save it as a PDF and then send
that PDF PDF on to that.
Yeah.
You know that state.
If that stakeholder wanted to see the
transcript of what's gone on within that
Yeah.
record,
so there are various ways of doing it.
Yeah, it's the agent.
There's also the mechanism where
potentially someone can do like it,
Yeah.
depending on obviously what licencing
group they're in,
Yeah.
but they could also watch your record.
So you've got the.
The ability for someone to be like an
interested party.
Yeah.
They won't necessarily have any
involvement in it,
Yeah.
but they can watch that record, yeah.
Yeah. Yeah, it's also, I would,
I would probably be like reporting and
we're digressing a little bit,
but is that if I'm,
if I receive information,
what am I going to do with it?
Why do I want that transcript? What am I?
What's the purpose of receiving a
transcripts that I haven't been told
already?
You know,
and what's the actions on the back of it,
these things can end up going in the it's
about.
So now centralising controlling stuff
rather than exporting things out to then
go off. So yeah, my view, yeah,
my view on that one is,
is that the only reason I would export or
look at the chat.
Function would be to understand for a
case of landed or if there was moving
escalation or from a quality perspective,
we're we're looking at like a case from a
business assurance perspective that we
would go back through the case file. Yeah,
I wouldn't see that the request or then
would.
Take a copy or then pass that on the.
It's not an activity during.
It's probably an activity,
not during the life cycle. Yes, it's more.
It's more as a reporting function that
you might want to see for supporting
evidence.
Of answering further questions, maybe.
Yeah.
Even then you probably won't export this
chat. Yeah.
In terms of time and the purpose and need
for that,
I don't see there'll be enough a need for
that. Yeah. No. OK. I was just wondering.
Yeah. No,
I think it would tie in more with, like,
John's team business insurance.
Retrospect.
Checking if we had a case where there was
an escalation that would look back that
yeah,
I wouldn't see myself in export and it
would just probably export it,
Chuck it into Harvey and ask them to
summarise.
And then you have to question what you're
going to. Yeah, with all these things,
what are you going to do with the
information?
That one evidence is really important and
it would then be on the request or to
then communicate that to the partner
groups like that's the the role of CMG is
to engage with the legal teams.
I have thought that would probably one
line or so. Yeah. Yeah, yeah.
So the partner will probably want a one
line update,
which is when am I getting it?
What do you need from me?
What block is it you're facing? That's it.
I don't think they actually like her.
I don't know.
I've worked with a lot of I work with
partners or report to them.
They've never appreciated me hearing them
and running like,
countdown or their inbox is crazy enough.
Can we go to council? That calendar?
Is there any activities where they might
say actually hold press?
I mean I'd love to say that I've never
said it in my life, but stop, you know,
hold press, it's not going.
So I think that does happen very rarely
where we do get asked that.
We've maybe done all the work and then we
call it and share.
We're no longer required,
so there's an element of the team we've
not touched on this,
but time recording in the system and for
the allocate time and then I can see the
time versus the status of we've spent
time on kids,
but actually we've not delivered,
but that's as a result of the stakeholder
group saying no.
I think we're not progressing any further,
OK,
so you get that you can capture that root
cause and you can do it to the assignment
of.
So what we're trying to capture is that
the team put effort and time into that
case and that's been recognised,
Yeah, 100%.
but actual delivery and hasn't been
executed. But that's not as a result.
Team that's as a result of it's still on
your metrics for post computers. Yeah.
And you can have that root cause because
yes.
Well, you'd you what?
You what you could do there is you could
Yeah.
have a classification of closed
incomplete and then you just put a
OK.
statement as to why and then you can
report how many were closed,
Yeah.
incomplete where you've done X amount of
time and it's been pulled by the by the
requester.
So it can either be,
it can either be included in your
reporting or not included in your
reporting and you as answered that you
could back closely and complete is a nice
section in itself,
but you can see that these are the ones
that we worked on and look through the
region for and there's there's probably 2
angles whereby we do spend time on it and
it's no longer required.
Or then straight up we no longer required
and we didn't spend any huge amount of
time, so maybe 5 minutes back and forth,
but the requests are and it was then a
little longer required because actually
up to which stage it was cancelled out.
So it might just be that it was why we
didn't even do any work on it so.
And you don't specify that the system
will know how much time you spend,
so and what was completed people
checklist at each stage engaged or each
part. You know,
each phase of the workflow. Yeah.
My, my the sorry.
And is it so?
I was just going back to the stakeholders
in the process who has the accountability
Yeah.
to manage the stakeholders because logic
would say if I was requesting on behalf
of my stakeholders,
then I as the request have responsibility
Yeah.
to update my stakeholders,
not necessarily my delivery to you know,
the teams doing the work. What's the.
That, that's just what we're seeing more.
Yeah, it was just saying that.
What's the structure?
I'm sorry,
I I I clearly missed missed the dialogue.
Yeah,
that was upfront requester and it could
be names additionals as well.
But get informed that you could have
three or four at the point of requesting
this piece of work,
particularly that it could be a month in
advance and you might be away.
So they also incorporated upfront.
Yeah, it's like a selection.
So a selection.
Does that answer your points?
Well, it it it it it it partly does.
In a sense they get visibility of the
OK.
record and what have you. But there's a,
there's a subtlety of what the the So
what?
So it you know they might look at that
and then do they tassel these team
because they yeah they might want more
information or do they know that they
should be.
Facing with their requester because what
you don't want is failure.
Yeah.
Demand of these guys picking up directly
from a straight stakeholder community for
which they're not responsible to be
managing,
Yeah.
and it gets in the way of them doing the
work, right.
I think it's notified that close complete
stage isn't it more than from the legal
team perspective and the CMG is then
responsible for that regular update if
needed.
Really when you think about it or BMC
depending who they're requested as.
So it will either be VIVSC or CMG stand
marketing and so it would be either of
those three areas that are essentially
responsible for feeding back to.
Legal teams or other teams that they're
working on on behalf of,
it's those functions that would report
back, but I think well, there's more.
Yeah.
And now and now, if you scored that,
if you scored that out of 1010 being
highly successful, no,
no one being not very successful,
where would you score that?
It depends on the group mark.
It works well sometimes directly.
Average average it for me.
What was you saying?
If you work directly with the the legal
team, sometimes that's more efficient.
Yeah, versus.
Sometimes. Well,
it all depends on the type of work.
Sometimes. Yeah.
For example for like uploads,
it probably work more efficiently if we
work directly with the legal teams
because they are the one who drafted the
the articles and they.
He knows where all the all the places
that they want to make the changes,
but then I think it was I would put like
five or six. Would that be too low? Yeah.
OK, so not too bad. OK. Yeah. Thanks.
Five or six on a scale of 10. Yeah.
Successful. Yeah. So Mark, your point is.
Josh, sorry, just on a sorry Josh,
while I can you just swing the camera
Yes, ma'am.
slightly further round because the main
table is sort of emptied a little bit and
I'm just trying to pick up on who's else
in the room.
Yeah.
I'm charging my laptops for holding
laptop points.
I don't think the camera goes over there.
Will it not swing round anymore to the
left or your right?
Yeah,
I don't think it will capture the whole
All right, don't worry about it.
Don't worry, don't worry.
view of the road. You also say,
I suppose what you're saying is that if
you're informed that those three or four
can also circumnavigate and then be,
you're over communicated, you know,
the same people could be asking,
Yes.
but you're probably saying.
So that this communication is at the
point of post complete,
the requester is the main who the
employee centre is the comms and it's
their duty to inform that a post complete
a bit like get. In hindsight,
everyone gets told that needs to be told
that it's done.
At those complete stage,
I think all we need to be careful is is
Yeah.
too many perks as well.
So like that there there's a a balance we
need to strike off in.
If we have too many people contributing
to an article,
it can be the company and it's not
efficient.
So if you have maybe one or two lawyers
that you're working with.
Basically,
that works sufficiently for you to start
to have a pool of legal teams.
It becomes really ineffective because
they're all arguing over what over whose
point is more valid and what should be
included, and that doesn't.
We don't need to be involved in that,
so I think it's about getting striking
the balance between who actually needs to
be informed and who is going to give us
the information that is that maybe they
remain two people.
So it's one request that they get the
running updates all the back up.
I don't oppose complete the parties that
need to know will know at the same time
as the clester. Yeah,
and that's that selection that we're
buying. It's not a huge distribution.
Yeah,
that's going to be covered or closed.
Yeah.
Closed Council with the root cause or
closed.
Incomplete with the root cause analysis
you're reporting.
And again at the same time,
the requester and whoever needs to know
will know that at the same time should we
go to the publications.
Now I'm not sure this comes.
It could be post event pre event.
There could be all sorts of stages that
we should get this but I wondered.
Do we?
This is a natural point to do these or
should we do manage events? I don't mind.
There's a few things in there,
so we've got bit and pitch and then I
thought yeah,
publications and social media or there's
some Research Services.
We just have quickly got the Research
Services that probably naturally falls
research. Yeah, research is quite the top,
isn't it? So yeah, increases a lot bigger.
Yeah. To do this one next. Yeah.
Based on company and industry.
So how do they come in? With what?
What comes in or is that a result?
Do you have to?
Do research as part of the good is that a
sub process or an additional process this
way this is the business intelligence
team requesting support for their team
through our forms so they're generally
are good stakeholders.
They give us the SLA,
they know what the Slas are,
they adhere to the SLA,
where they possibly can.
They say expectations with their and
request or group.
Yeah.
So how do they come into today?
So you get through the form through the
form. Yes. Saying the operational form,
yeah,
they just select what the categorization
is,
the timelines and when it's required by
and give us really detailed information.
They don't want to get a calendar. No, no,
no, not in that.
It's in the one that mandish.
Did you share that one?
I I don't think so.
So we have the regular work request form.
So for the business intelligent research
work they I mean the team,
they have a very small team.
So sometimes they are unable to pick up
all the all the tasks.
So some of them just overflow to us.
To us and we are picking up whenever we
have capacity to help them with.
So they submit the request through to us
through the form that we have on share on
on SharePoint, yeah.
So just actually it's a good point is
this the is this.
And they got share with SharePoint and
yeah, and we get it, it lands with us,
I understand.
So is this just a challenge that is that
something,
I mean we've seen actually through some
of the workshops is should it be with you,
should it be with then does it land you
know when the music stops it then so it
sounds like you're.
Over is it. Is it an overflow capacity?
So we are basically overflow to so
overflow to that team.
So the volume is around about 40-50 and a
quarter in that region of requests as a
small team.
And with those particular areas that were
identified, we would then be that.
I say overflow,
but we are and should be the first point
of contact for those categories.
So even if they extended their team for,
you know,
head counts that you would they would
you're saying is because of particular
categories?
Of this research,
it would land naturally with your,
so it should just come to us. Yes,
exactly. So it shouldn't even touch them.
That's for client.
We can take this aspect. So generally,
with a research task,
there's several elements that create that
one task that for a certain aspect being
the categories for us.
We would check that as long as they're
briefing us in,
that's a good sort of knowledge article.
You know,
like when people are requesting it,
it doesn't go to them and then it's
rerouted.
It could be that these this is what we do.
This is our company industry research
matters.
So that first point of when it's
requested.
It goes to yourself,
not goes to any direction because the
overall research task could potentially
cover certain aspects that certain
aspects go to different teams. Yeah.
So that could be rooted that these ones
on that query form come to yourself. OK.
So you're not getting it.
So the question is, George,
did you want a additional what happens to
the ones that don't come in to ask and go
to a function that are not on ServiceNow
as users through the query?
What could happen, for example,
if we said I've got a research matter
that?
Need to do and that's the request through
ServiceNow. Yeah, it will trigger that.
Is it the company industry leading
questions. So if it, if that's the case,
yes, clients. If not,
then they get the e-mail.
I think we've seen some examples where it
routes if they're not in service now,
they get the e-mail with that information
with that request form. OK,
so who requests?
This research stuff so can can we CMG go
into the current processes,
CMG or legal staff will go to the
business intelligence team,
build out what they need,
and the apple also, there's no e-mail,
no that can be.
Conversation and e-mail.
And then from there,
the business intelligence team decide
what aspects of that they will take.
And then the other elements where we need
to be looked done. Yeah.
So the requester needs to be business
intelligence and they need to be using
the.
The portal to come to you,
they'll know that, though. Yes, they do.
So this could be a subset of all the
research that they're doing.
Is that what you're saying as well? Yes.
There's only certain elements that we
cover to support business intelligence
and business intelligence are the ones
that brief us so.
They're already engaged with CMG and the
the route is always business intelligence
first, being the experts today route,
what is the full request?
Because it wouldn't just be what you're
doing. Yeah, it can come in direct to you.
Business intelligence are the good
children.
They put it in the form and give us the
time.
It's like the S delays speaking unless
it's something that is or is something
that is genuinely urgent.
That's where you know and it is urgent.
So then, so that question coming to you,
what information should I do? Control.
Right.
And would we want that for lock down to
business intelligence?
So it's only them that can see it.
Yes, for those categories.
And so a bit again, information upfront.
So they're not the back and forth.
You have a standard list that you have
that or they they're pretty good.
They know they communicate with you all
the time,
but they can give you who's it for,
what's it for, you know as pre populated.
Do you have that for me today,
or does that exist?
It's part of the operational forum for
that we have and it's just a category on
that form of what we can support from and
it just at the minute just says BIU only
IE business intelligence are the only
ones to use that category to briefing for
the team.
Again. And what?
But what else would you need in order to
start it? So I've got it.
How do you start? What?
What other information would you need?
So they really just detail and the
description of what what it is,
the timelines, the, the sources,
the people profiles like thin searching,
how they how the information then how
they want the information to be presented.
So sometimes they will.
That provide us with the templates.
So just like can you put all this
information into on this template and
send it back to us? OK,
so we can use that as a checklist of the
entry point that they complete and then
it, yeah,
we can just build what build on what we
have of that form. And here's the extra.
Information for people,
profiles or events that have to be
searched up so it's hardly flowing tacks
that they just start typing in and just
right now the guests they are. Yeah.
So we're just saying that we're going to
use that as you know, check this,
you know,
so they're sort of leading questions.
And then they will arrive with yourself,
and you can, you know,
and there could be a checklist or you'll
get all of them or some of them,
but you will send me those ones that are
mandatory. Yeah. Yeah.
But is there a standard set of inputs you
would generally need?
It sounds like you do have that from that
minimum standard.
Written rule,
I suppose that business intelligence just.
Yeah,
they know what we need because they
understand the work and they need to be
fussed in the right way in order for us
to pick up. Yeah,
but we could use that as the and then a
bit like the one that we discussed today.
Yeah.
So it comes into yourself as new is there
the does you have the same pain pain
points of? If only we knew when they knew?
Or does it tend to be that with the
business intelligence team they know the
timeline,
so it's pretty reasonable to be honest.
Unless you've got any examples Monday,
but I think generally speaking they're
pretty reasonable with Slas.
What's the SLA wasn't one hour?
It depends on the categories. It's days,
yeah. Sometimes days. Yeah. Yeah.
Maybe we've got categories rather than
company industry.
What what categories are there? Yeah,
I can share my screen. Yeah.
Yeah, yeah.
Because this was when you come into that
prioritisation or skill matrix,
you know maybe in your skills that you
work on a particular industry or you work
on a particular company or maybe there's
avip or there's whatever it is we can
start to use that.
To give a priority and maybe auto
assigned to but not set in stone,
it's just a suggested person which can be
reassigned if you need to. Yeah,
and I think the the suggestion I think is
a a good prompt of.
Here's the suggestion, but don't assign.
Not important. Yeah,
it's more like here's the suggestion of
who could potentially pick that up as a
prompt to the person that's going to be
on assignments and yes,
and agree we assume. Yeah.
OK,
so these I mean these are so these are
all the categories and BIU are here, yeah.
OK, so biu only you would have. Yeah,
we saw company and industry,
but are they further categorised? Yeah.
So these are all the BIU categories and
then they will let us know what they what
the task is all about for example is
about matters or.
Competitor offering or other law firms
rankings, things like that.
And they each different categories
involve a different SLA. OK.
So if it would say for example you've got
sub category and that in itself is a
category.
Because we're just working on BIU.
So these are your categories, aren't they?
So the company,
do you have like so if you take
competitor offering as a category,
is there a subcategory of that's maybe
the company one like matter related?
Right.
That you can then further subcategorize
to give a priority to you were saying
that then yeah,
that's the only that's the lowest level
that we go to. Yeah. It's the subcategory.
Yeah. OK.
Then share realm. Yeah, this is our. What?
The request on the form.
This is on the form those labels on the
form. Yeah, this is all that they,
but could they pick the next level that
is in show world today?
I mean do they need to that that's all
they see and that's all they need to see.
I would see. OK.
It doesn't need to be any.
More than.
And that,
I think even just subcategories you know,
OK, so yes,
because we know that they're all for you
anyway.
So that will be that will be the
subcategory they, yeah,
other levels just because we're talking
about BIU the other like bed support.
So it depends what terminologies then
relevant to the person.
So it's high level bed support but those
other.
Aspects as of that support,
that is the subcategory.
It's still that support. OK, so, OK,
what are we trying to achieve here and
are we trying to find out what the drop
downs will be on the form that the
requestor will have for the requestor?
And at the moment,
the operational form that you use is for
multi uses basically because they can
pick what?
Ideally,
you're able to walk down BIU to BIU
straight.
Is that actually we're splitting these so
when BIU request that particular form
they won't need that category label.
Yeah that's what I'm saying that that's
that adults. Yeah.
And you're actually your category level.
Yeah. So you don't need.
That that's enough for you.
Just that one label. Yeah,
so I know that those categories are via
your and I can see from the request of
that it's via yours and they can just
only pick those ones. Yeah.
So you've just got.
So they wouldn't just waste anything else
from us. It would just be Jill.
Have you heard in the SLA enterprise?
Wide discussion,
have you heard mention of displaying Slas
upfront to requesters so we could raise
that's what they see.
So they see the Slas in. Yeah,
although it's to come off, yeah, I'm not.
I'm not sure if that was the frustration
for saying about the scenes wanting that
that's something that we would show.
Oh.
I think directors on our side are saying
that it's off putting for people and the
feedback has been that when they see the
SLA,
they wouldn't come to the team and ask
because they know that well,
it's going to take two days to turn it
around and that's the SLA.
But actually the team can turn around in
a couple of hours if we're giving all the
information.
So it's it's deterring them at the minute.
From using the team,
but I guess it's two edged swords.
I would agree with that.
So like my guts telling me we wouldn't
display that to any of our stakeholders
from an app's perspective,
particularly because it will be soft
launch SLE as well,
we obviously because we don't measure
them just now.
So we need to understand how they work,
we typically don't.
Do that. Yeah. OK. Sorry.
One more question. Emily,
you said it deters that your stakeholders
from using the team because they see the
SN as what do they do then to get the job
done,
if they're deterred from like speaking to
your team, they'll do it themselves or.
Oh, yeah,
so it's they're not using these services
in the right manner.
So it's deterring them from the use of
the.
Basically,
it's used as a mechanism to not use the
team, but uses mechanisms to say, well,
your S laser too long,
so I needed done yesterday,
but actually you can't achieve that.
So we're we're putting ourselves in a
position and but it's a two edged sword
and that's what I'm saying is.
We need to set expectations and don't
just keep delivering within that to our
window or to to protect the team in a
sense,
but also that to set expectations of how
long do these tasks actually take and you
get those metrics when you go live of
that start and end date, which you can.
OK, so it comes so it lands with yourself.
You've got the categories that you've
seen here. And then what happens.
So it could be as you said,
it could be a soft auto assigned based on
that you know you know within your scheme
maybe there's one person that runs on
legal matters or you could put.
It's good skill metrics,
but it's a suggested land and then we say,
OK, it's been assigned,
what do you then do with that information
show today?
How do you do enrich it further with
additional information you just start to
worry, I know generally it's all there,
they just start working.
Yeah, OK, no approval required.
It's assumed that that's you know,
once you get the request,
you don't need any approval process in it.
No,
it's one of the ones that goes back to
business intelligence, they review it,
provide any feedback on any additional
information.
Required as part of the request,
it may have gone in some more arms and
legs at that point,
but generally speaking we've got all the
information up front so you can have a
checklist in there. So for example,
you've checked, you know,
three or four things,
but when they they receive it back or
they get a notification because they're
the requester, they've done one.
1234 only the is the standard things that
you're providing.
You know you could populate the checklist.
Not really, or in some example,
let's say when they received it.
So what do? What do they,
what do they then check when they receive
the task?
Back to them that you've completed it.
What do they then have to do?
I I don't think our checklist is why they.
I don't think so.
Because sometimes as you see in the
category, sometimes they are.
They asked us to like collect information
from from the Internet.
The Internet on the people profiles or
exhibition project, something like that.
So it's quite difficult to verify those
information.
So it's assumed when you've done it,
it's assumed close and complete,
essentially no further cheques required.
It won't get feedback. Yeah, they will.
They will probably.
Some feedback? Yeah. To be in there.
If it's something. Yeah. For example,
if there is like they would express,
for example,
they are asking us to look for
exhibitions or seminars and then we come
back with just a handful of information
they probably like.
Can you go back to to run another search
or use other parameters to run the search
to see if you you'll you'll be able to
get more more robotics,
something like that you can go down a
rabbit hole with research.
So I think there's there's like a time
limit that the are in parameters around.
Like you can keep going and keep going,
but there needs to be a a stop,
so it's about what information is
important. Is 10 seminars enough or so?
So this could be somebody you know,
if it is certain as you know what
constitutes a.
Completeness, as you said,
what what sort of constitutes success is
a leading. It's a never ending.
You know subjective.
Sometimes I suppose what we're saying is
that, you know,
is to provide to prevent that rabbit hole.
When it goes back to,
it goes back to the team.
It could be that before they close
completed, we don't encourage too much,
but you know they're verifying sufficient
and it's closed complete or they can give
some feedback so that the case remains
open until that loop is closed.
Obviously you don't want 20 iterations of
it. I mean,
how often does that happen that when you
give it back to them,
maybe there's certain categories that the
number count or the people count wasn't
sufficient.
So I think probably what we get to mark
probably answers the same question,
what's the ratio of first time rights?
To second time, more research is required.
I don't think we know exactly how they
draw the line. Yeah. So we depends on we,
we rely on their feedback.
So sometimes they will come back to us
and say.
Oh, that's fine. Thank you very much.
Then then we just complete, you know,
and that close completes it.
It could be the root cause was need
additional seminars. You know,
you could you could start to have a drop
down more information requires.
Additional dates to be included, you know,
expand the scope to because sometimes you
ask the question research you know. Oh,
I can see that.
Actually what I want is this. You know,
so it might.
So you could just to close that loop to
provide maybe level.
One iteration,
some feedback that you need to expand it
and then it becomes quote you, you,
you then get informed that this is what
is required and then you compose it or
does it get close to complete and then
they have to ask the request again or
does it stay open and you just do those
iterations?
We keep things open and time warm.
More information from the like BIA team
is that it's complete and that they're
happy with the the desired outcome,
but I I think there's probably a 5050
chance that it could have that second
information or that it's a close.
Actually,
to capture that second iteration as part
of the workflow and the reason why they
want that second iteration in there
before it's closed complete and we'll
probably would you say that therefore
that could be a business for that if it
required 1/3 iteration.
I mean that's probably where your
research skills come.
Experience tells you that this that this
is complete.
That's part of your roles and
responsibility,
but maybe the business was that after
after the 2nd iteration it then becomes a
new request. It's a bit like a project.
I'll just start off small and then I'll
grow it.
And eventually you think that wasn't a
small project that's actually just change
control to get.
The larger I wouldn't say it was any more
beyond the same.
So I think that's the goal of business
intelligence is to set the expectations
of what we can deliver and that's what's
then provided to the team.
So it is very clear around what we need
to deliver.
It may only be like a few things or
something new that's come up or an event
seminar from when.
The request was put in and or they want
to expand the search because there wasn't
much that had come back from that initial
search.
So they're expanding the search because
it's that try to keep it contained
without going too far.
So it might be that they just extend that
as a result of. Yeah. To it. Right,
you know, just.
One one iteration bank and then close
complaints. Yeah,
it doesn't easy issue that. Yeah, OK,
that's good. Deborah,
are you thinking of a state while
awaiting initial review?
So not not a task, no.
A state state change. Yes, yes.
And then it either goes.
Well awaiting confirmation.
Essentially you're waiting,
so we capture the actual time with you
guys rather than. Yeah.
And you can capture these metrics and
then you capture why it was incomplete or
why it requires further information.
And then I'll close complete. Yeah. Yeah.
Then you can go back to the requester.
I don't know. Waiting confirmation then.
So is there a prompt like an automation
prompt after a certain amount of time
that then trigger that if we've not had a
response? Yeah,
you could do reminders for that.
That's something the team has to do is
not so much the BI year,
but that there's a follow up thing of.
Is this actually caused for waiting?
They can get automatic reminders so it
could be an hour or two hours or the same
day.
Or if they haven't replied in 24 hours or
you want to close it at the end of the
day,
that reminder you could set your
reminders as well so that they're not
doesn't become white noise to them,
but it actually is an effective prompt.
So they get that notification and then
they get that reminder.
I think some of the Slas were if there's
a 72,
you know soft it could be one day as it
were.
And do you want to like I usually feel
personally I'm one of the annoying fears.
I usually feel if it's actually closed,
I don't actually go back if it's not
closed, I'll be. Don't you worry.
I don't need. I'll be proactive.
And that comes.
Do you want a cut off point to say we
don't hear from you after six hours or a
day? Effectively,
that's what the team are doing.
Just manually. So what they're saying is,
like, so they'll do reminders of, like,
just checking in.
If there's anything further required on
this to sit.
Our team expectations are in delivery and
then OK.
So at this point we've we've changed you
three times.
We were now saying like if we've not
heard back from you from by the end of
the week,
we'll now close this case and then
shareholder can reopen that case within
the five days if there was such a need to,
OK,
there's a grace period on it that it
effectively is the same ticket.
That they can refer to. OK,
so that could be a good point from Ruth
to say that if not hers,
you can infer that actually we're going
to post a ticket. So we do that.
So maybe after.
The SLA has been met. It gets closed.
Would that be a good rule to have?
I think some of them are 72 hours,
so after three days from the start that
was supposed to when they meant sign off
on it so that you could meet your soft
Slas in the background.
You just would you want to close,
complete it at that point or give them.
A day. Two days? Yeah.
Give them that case period of.
To come back, yeah,
based on them rather than give them the
grace period. Yeah. So if it is closed,
what's the grace period on that?
There are not going to close is resolved.
So we have a state called Resolve Press
to restolve and then we'll leave it.
Open for how long? For five days,
five days?
Or is said to be to closed when the case
is actually closed. Is not OK. Great. OK,
this is a resolved case.
Then they can be open during that five
day Period 5 working days.
If it's Thursday,
it won't be closed on Monday.
It is Thursday.
Friday and then Monday, Tuesday,
Wednesday, calendar day 500 calendar.
Exactly. Was it just five? That plus five.
Yeah, yeah.
If they go over the grace period and come
back, do they need to,
like raise a new request? Yeah. OK. Yeah.
So, yeah. So that just starts again. Yeah.
Because the someone one of the challenges
that we have is we seldom get concrete.
Complete confirmation from this requester.
Yeah.
So Biu is one of the one of the
responsive requester that we have.
But for other CMG,
sometimes we just deliver but then we
never heard back from them even after
multiple changes.
Cases like doing still need anything and
I know do.
Can I know do if you need anything else
and we got nothing and then we can't just
keep that ox ticket open forever.
So we just we just have to close at some
point. That's the behaviour thing as well,
isn't it? Within that, you know,
five days and that's expected that even.
See to get back to say thank you. Yeah.
Would it be helpful to also link previous
cases to like a new case? So, you know,
they do go over. They're like, oh,
it's related to this.
I don't know. Yeah,
I think we got many similar requests
recently on events. So for example,
they will send out the initial invitation
to the to the list of contact and then
after like.
A week or two they would like to send a
reminder to encourage more people to sign
up, or the webinar,
or for the for the events,
and they will ask us to send another wave
of the invitation to the same group of
people sometimes and using the same.
Invitation or the same format or the same
content and because the previous case is
already closed.
So basically we'll treat this this
request as a new one,
so we need to have all the information,
but sometimes they just like can you
resend?
Last invitation.
That's quite difficult for us because we
Yeah.
need to take out all the information from.
Yeah, someone else.
I think that comes back to important as
well. We are.
You're you're doing the count in where
you're doing the count of the amount of
cases that we're working on.
So I think that's where it does become
quite.
Important around it is treated as
something differently,
Yeah.
but what you were saying there about the
parent child,
effectively an event is the parent and
there's lots of child tasks that are
Yeah,
we we if it helps we we do that typically
associated with AIDS.
within IT.
So you'll have like a parent record and
Yeah.
you know sub records.
The other thing you might want to
consider being able to do because if it's
not just the workload record say for
Call.
Yeah.
example you had an event and then there
was a press release as a result of that.
Yeah.
Yes.
Or something link.
You can link your record so at least
Just.
Yeah.
you've got the story of that
communication.
So when you look back in time at that
activity,
Yeah.
you see all of the ones in there.
So we've got the ability to to, you know,
easily link associated records.
And we're going to event management and
then I think probably it's.
So your question was that Research
Services,
when it comes back in again is linking
that request. But like you said,
it probably just treated as a new request
and you can do that count and use the
team to look up the previous information.
And you could look at it as part of your
reports. Yeah.
And I think the association, for instance,
understand how that works from a
reporting perspective. I mean, could be.
I mean, Mark,
I don't know what you think about this is
that you could be, if you know,
it is of the same nature,
the grace period ended its close.
It is a new request because they want to
raise it.
It could be that you could have a link to
the previous ServiceNow ticket just for
referencing purposes that you can meet
and.
Yeah. And that's what. Sorry, Debbie.
Yeah,
that's what I was sort of referencing
that you'd you'd still want to catch the
Yeah.
workload.
It doesn't really matter from that point,
Yeah.
but you would,
you would just have the link because if
Yeah.
you've got a number of iterations or you
get an ask and then you know a week later
they want another communication.
Another.
Communication.
Then you can at least have the records
Yeah.
linked so that you can say all of this
was due to this one pursuit or this one.
Yeah.
You know it's a broader piece across your
your remit. You can link you.
We may not have the desire to be able to
link a number of records,
Yeah.
even if they're doing different things.
That's the point I'm saying.
What for referencing but in reporting
terms you would have them as 4.
You know if it came back you would have 4
dissipations,
but you could have a reference in there
was oh I could see that actually they
raised it.
It's just a reference in your own
practises,
Yeah.
but also from a customer perspective.
Can they not see that on a dashboard or a
view of what they've and where it is and
bring it back to?
Yes.
I feel then the team and.
Do a little bit more handholding than
they maybe need to be doing. Yeah,
they see that they've requested it four
times and they could actually have to
explain why they've requested it four
times.
So when I get to the granular detail of
the information that I'm providing to my
Yeah.
stakeholder group is.
Well, actually you can see that man.
But the same question,
this personal show has requested four
different publications because that's the
level of detail we're going to.
And here's the name of the publication.
That's for you to take that forward,
that person,
that behaviour thing would be.
We're seeing the same request from the
same person that's reportable.
I don't think that the team need to be
Lincoln back as such,
I feel like we're then hand it was just
if you wanted to put a ticket,
you know as you start to use the system,
you'd be, oh,
it be good handy that I could just click
it and it opens it up.
But but in terms of as you said,
behaviour.
So they're asking it four or five times
and we treat, you know,
treating each one as if it's a new
request, but actually isn't.
Better.
It's the same one,
but we're getting asked multiple times.
And even if you like that behaviour,
even if you like them just separately.
Yeah.
And if it and if it helps,
if you do have it as a if you.
Do you hold on the separately? Yes.
If you do have it as an in its own field,
what ServiceNow can do is it can enable
Yeah.
you to just hover over and view the
record without really having to open it
completely.
So if you do have linked records and say
Yes.
you wanted to refer back and you've done
the association rather than having to
leave the record you're in to go look for
it within that record, you can.
Hover over and it'll give you some of the
content of that record so we could look
at that as a as a requirement and then
show you how it sort of works and see if
Yeah.
it's beneficial.
Yeah.
I mean it's not matching and merging them
into one. You know it's not flat purposes.
What I'm thinking is though you probably
do want them linked because in Mandy's
example,
I would like them.
you've come in and asked for the research.
They've not done what they've needed to
do. They've been followed up and what?
Well, actually the example was,
I want you to resend that invite again.
You're not doing all the work to create
the invite that you did the first time.
You're just basically lifting it and
resending it. You want your link goes?
Yeah.
Is that not what we're saying?
But the parent being there, I think.
And then you've got yourself because
it'll be linked to the parents.
So that would be the link that's for the
event, I think for.
For business intelligence,
like in that we don't have that, yes,
there's only one person, one integration.
Come back what you have and then, yeah,
But you could.
you could.
But I think for the where it ends whereas
events I think if we're talking like
parent child it would be associated is
what we're saying.
But actually for other yeah.
Yeah, I think for Research Services,
as you said, same person,
same publication multiple times,
you want to report upon that and you
could link it just because FY,
but it will be reported on four or five
times. Yeah, it wouldn't do that.
Submerged yeah,
each instance rather than and that just
shows.
The.
Yeah. And in event management,
you would have the back most sub tasks.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mark, do you want to?
Yeah.
For the for the research one the the is
there. Sorry, Debra, just if I may,
the research one there's you may get it
where they haven't the requester hasn't
thought about all the parameters and then
you get iterations, iterations,
iterations of the same sort of context
there is are we agreeing or did I hear
correct.
Directly that linking those records will
be useful as well,
because you want to go back to that
individual to say you need to be thinking
fully about what you're asking for so we
don't have so many iterate iterations to
Yes.
get to the outcome.
Or does that not occur?
No.
So ever the events that's correct Mark.
So the view would be that we want to run
an event and the planning of the event
needs to happen in all those
subcategories.
I think it was just research. Yeah,
I think so.
It's in the context of research what
you're saying, Mark is changing behaviour.
They ask the right question first time.
Presumably, I think there's up.
Correct. Yeah, exactly that.
Yeah.
From research. Yeah. Yeah.
And we understand. We develop our. Yeah,
there may be one intonation. Yeah,
5050 times we go back.
I think in majority of cases. Well,
it's 50% first time rates,
the other 50% one iteration. Yeah,
it's complete. They're not getting more.
OK. Yeah, yeah.
See if we're getting one.
OK.
So and volumes are low,
database is a little different story.
So should we go to PRI mean it could be
that we get through PR and then PR.
Sorry just one quick question.
I don't know if we talked about this or I
missed this,
but when you have the outputs for the
research.
With this being like a document and then
do you like attach in the attaching the
chat?
Would that be the case or you can attach
in the chat,
send information by usually in a
PowerPoint attachment? Yeah,
you can put that in the you still chat in
your review link it.
So I'm just thinking of where it should
reside.
No. Well,
we we attach the attachment in the share
work share work case.
When we send an actual PowerPoint
attachment. Yeah,
it's not like saved on I manager
SharePoint for example.
And you put a link in.
So for legal for the research they have a
Central Library that they.
They will pull from,
so they'll save that more centrally on
their side and they'll pull from that as
and when with research.
Obviously it goes out of date,
so it needs to be refreshed.
So there is that continuation of having
to go back and revisit to refresh the
data,
but that's what they're in question of
you that you're doing that and then
you're attaching it.
Yeah. So it can be attached and then yeah,
and the storage purposes,
you know at that point,
it could be removed from the attachment
in service now I mean or it could be,
you know revised there was supporting
evidence. I mean Mark,
you might have a different view on.
You know, as it's growing,
this is doesn't from the library.
I think I think that.
If once they receive that research,
it's then removed from the tickets or
supporting evidence that tickets and that
whether you need to refer to it ever
again after it's done. I mean,
it's probably not a bad thing with
research,
but I would say it would still need to be
associated with it everywhere.
To do any like retrospective checking,
I'm thinking from business assurance
perspective that we deliver.
If you guys were going to go on and do a
retro that we delivered that element,
everyone was setting, yeah,
What? What you could do is have the link.
You could have the link to where it's
so where it gets lost.
stored.
So I think Jimmy internally,
do you store those documents any more
than an internal?
So as soon as it's saying it's just out.
So if you were to go back and get that
document for any reason,
you would have to go through a share
relevant, OK.
So.
So they don't have a straight place but
but yeah.
And do you do?
I'm assuming it'll get stored with a
It's research.
controlled document reference,
sort of or something similar.
Yeah.
So would you be able to just record when
you close the ticket and that you would
Put.
you be able to record the reference or
would you have a hyperlink to that
storage space or whatever?
No,
it's done on the business intelligence
side, mark.
So it's not we don't have access to that
central repository that they they hold,
but they do that.
So they take from sharing all that
attachment,
they take it and they put it in central
repository.
So in essence it's duplicate.
So it's the storage duplicate.
Or do you go into Cherwell and then
delete it after the?
Please.
Otherwise you just fill it,
fill up your storage in the in one system
We don't hear anything.
and duplicate it.
You don't do anything and it could be
probably what probably you're alluding to
is that the attachment is on the time
stamped when they extract it,
time stamped,
so you get this metric if you're talking
about audit and then at that point they
might do a linked reference if they if
they wanted to just.
So that point of service now is your
central repository of this topic.
You know you're using it to manage the
workflow,
giving that document over to business
intelligence in which then they're
extracting it and then storing it.
So it sounds like it's probably because
it's going out of date or maybe a
thumbnail is included.
From it,
but actually it's taken off the workflow
once they received it.
So I think that makes sense.
But the challenge is that if these guys
ever had to access that document again,
You could PDF.
removed it from ServiceNow,
then they would meet this intelligent and
And that's where I was asked.
that's.
Check when it's resolved or they're doing
their cheques.
I'm going to close complete it,
but I don't want any more iterations then
the reference of where it's stored is
linked.
Yeah,
what we need to protect ourselves from is
having heavy, heavy loading service.
Now just doing document storage,
because if they're depending on depending
on what they are, if they're PowerPoints,
When is the place next in so that here?
you know they might be quite heavy
documents.
Yeah.
But the alternative is that you, you know,
they get the PowerPoint,
Yeah.
you get PDF which lightens the load of
the of what you get stored.
Yeah.
But you can kind of see the content.
It's that sort of thing we need to think
about,
which is why I was saying that if it's in
a document store with a reference number,
the requester could give you the
reference number.
So if you look back in the record.
But you've got a route to.
And we don't have access mark and I get
that right.
Again what you are saying around that
document storage piece is probably just a
question mark of how we deal with that
sort of stuff.
OK.
It gives a challenge access to it.
Could you gain access to that area so?
Is it more about that we're using that as
a reference?
I'm just trying to understand why we're
well, I guess, why are we deleting it?
And then if we need to use that template
or that similar format as the expectation
then on business intelligence to then
upload that was providing and always
provide that because that feels like
extra effort and workload on the on their
side, yeah, to then work with them.
How often? OK, I suppose so.
Isn't your central repository of content
management as it was the workflow of and
also having a look at performance,
you know if you load it down a bit like
running with heavy wipes around your
ankles,
the more you load it with documents you
know it is a, you know,
convenient performance.
So that's what my question is. Again,
right.
So when you guys are working on those
PowerPoints and your team before you're
sending it, could you see even that work?
Is it individually on your own drives?
Have you got it in a shared drive? Yeah,
no, it's not stored. Yeah.
And then it's goes into share mode and
that's that. So it's going to the,
could you have a shared area with?
They go so we have.
We've shared like templates or best
practise,
but the information was out of date like
financial information was out of date.
Research was out of date.
If you were to format them,
could you have your own area where a copy
of that under the eyes.
So you can always reference it.
So we need to be careful because it was
client information. Then it is the iMac.
It can't be get stored on like clouds and
SharePoint.
So then there becomes the client
restrictions you see in the document.
Yeah.
Could you gain access?
You know there's privileges in other
content areas. Could you?
I mean it's probably worth don't know
that we'll get a solution just that is
actually The thing is probably a wider
Can I suggest can I suggest we park?
they've been having.
Yeah, exactly. I've got that well,
so you could do it in the parking lot and
we take it enterprise label because I
imagine there we have lots of PowerPoints
Yes.
and documents that we are sharing would
share centrally. Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Yeah.
So is this a high load request? Yeah.
Are you going to load the system now for
performance if it comes?
Yeah.
So what I'll say then is the 19 to deal
with documents pretty much newly with
every request. Yeah. So that's yeah,
it's high volume of its storage and we're
thinking about performance and storage
from the system perspective as there's a
lot that a lot of it then goes out of
date of and that's and that's fine
transferring.
That it's where it it lives as it's. Yeah.
And it's not going to do like and I
manage or like if we do need to save
things down.
If I think for like directories and
awards things are more essentially stored
but when it's things that are like out
the door that will change probably next
month that no it's not stored in a
location that's shared.
It's more templates that are shared
within like teams,
channels and finals that we as a team
share or I manage as well.
We're reusing templates that have been
blocked out there.
OK we can take that so wide.
And how often do you refer to them?
After they're sent, you know, as you said,
there's an additional process where we
have to go back and look at them.
How often is that on the percentage ones
that you send finally? Well, yeah,
retrospective is obviously something
that's coming up,
but it's more if we're so we do and
there's label quality cheques and
processorship and we'll do monthly
business this year.
Cheques, which are retrospective cheques,
so not the live ones that happen in that
process. More retrospective check in.
So if we are doing quality cheques we'll
quality check the process from start to
finish the request.
So we'll need to see all those documents.
If they're not stored somewhere centrally
at the moment,
we'll get the amount of share amount. OK,
that's good.
Check from those ones that you send for
the request matters.
You don't you don't have that quality
check that the same checkpoints that we
Yeah.
discussed earlier,
the effect of the the reason behind that
is the effect where we need to.
We do the research,
then we need to do the task again. Right.
OK. So new work in progress. Close,
complete with that iteration thing that
we said plus the resolve and the grace
period of five days.
So they get cancelled.
Just closing out cancelled.
No, I'm not saying that really.
But you've got the option from your
question to maybe raise it as cancelled
when it goes account posed incomplete. No,
not element of ours might be cancelled
and the other aspect that business
intelligence are working on this that may
continue so that that can happen. OK,
that can happen. Yeah.
And it will say that we don't already do
that.
Yeah, like us, we still have the option.
Alex, did you want to? We both. Yeah.
OK yeah.
Yeah, there will be. They will.
Research matters. Yeah. Research matters.
Yeah. Yeah.
Or manage research because of service,
as it were.
Yeah, yeah. Should we go on space?
We'll probably this is.
Now I was thinking that this might be a
subset of events.
It just wanted to sort of get a handle on
all of these directories coordination of
directories.
Directors interviews,
historical directors, submission reports.
There's probably OK.
This is just the most awful process. Oh,
they're the worst process.
Do you need lunch to get through these or
should we try and get them done and then
celebrate the lunch?
Start with directories. That's fine.
It's so you've got briefing of them.
Coordination of them.
Have you just given an underview of?
Is there a happy path of directories?
Or what are they? I mean,
what if you were to summarise what they
are in terms of how that you do the work
with them?
Maybe you can give us an overview of that.
Without calling, it sounds OK.
Directories are how the pharmacy across
the two main directory providers,
being chambers and legal 500.
There's a policy in place.
Agreed with the ET for Chambers being the
preferred directory.
Legal 500 not being the preferred
directory,
but still an area of interest or for
other regions.
So this is very region specific with the
view of it being a global approach.
With the lead of the direction being
chambers,
the policy dictates that anything for
Band 3 and above band 3211 being the best
ranking,
is deemed an an policy supported
submission.
And anything below that is deemed as it
would require an exception,
and there's lots of different routes then
at that stage that you can take without
going into detail right now.
And then for legal 500,
it's not deemed supported to which would
then be an exception.
And then also takes that route. It's the.
Subjective with the partners and the
legal team is because it's something that
they're how they're seeing externally in
the market,
that it takes a considerable amount of
time and effort from legal team BD and
from ask client perspective and also
operations it's external facing.
Reputational all of those things,
and you said probably the previous past
that we talked about was a global end to
end. You know,
each of you within client this this is
regional and it has.
Legal and compliance and regulatory
overlay for these? Yeah.
But we're dealing with matters.
So what goes into the submissions is the
what the teams legal teams have been
working on right then at their matter
level that matter level. OK.
So we're fully master information.
So that could be confidential matters.
As a confidential section and the
submission process that they have to
identify those and redacting information
as necessary and published at these
changes and the legal 500 level and what
does Australia have is they have.
The as their equivalent as well.
They have chambers and these are 500,
so that is the view.
The only difference I would say then is
Europe tend to switch their preferred
directory.
So Europe go for legal 500 over chambers
to which Europe also do bands for and
above the scheme.
And agreed submission supported versus
anything below that.
I don't actually understand bands is that
it's how they're ranked.
So how a lawyer or how a practise area is
ranked the practise and the partners
ranked, yeah,
so there's practise level ranking and
there's also individual lawyer level
ranking.
OK.
Hierarchy within the hierarchy within the
hierarchy.
It was a lot of fire evils and this
process. OK, so maybe when he starts,
I mean that was a good and my mind to
opera mosa.
How do they come into then as a request.
So this one starts with us.
So this is the project that effectively
is an ongoing project that runs
throughout the year on the back of
reporting,
was it that was it triggered at the back
of something else or is it something it
literally starts its life with us with us
because we get a notification of when the
jet went.
So for this directory you get the
deadline that it needs to be populated at
a certain date with the certain
information, yes.
So here's all the categories.
Here's the deadline basically,
and I reach out to your.
CMG teams to then arrange for submissions
and what supports required and who,
so who?
How do you get that first notification of
when you need to do it?
External e-mail from the provider of
generally just be up.
It goes out to all of the all of the law
firms that, yes,
I would say it's a newsletter,
but it's a notification of here's the
upcoming deadlines and it can also be
sourced on the website because some
things legal 500.
500 I'm not saying, I mean,
maybe it's legal500.com.
Do you get to see that notifications on
there?
Do they announce it on their homepage?
So I think I think, yeah,
I think it's worth to like mention that.
For both Chambers and Eagle 5 hundreds,
they are two main directories,
service provider and they each of them
has.
A number of different guides that we can
we can submit to.
So basically it's a year round process
because the UK they have the for example
the UK Guide, Global Guide, APEC Guide,
Europe Guide or France Guide or Germany
Guide.
They have different submission deadline.
So yeah, so within that, yeah,
there's additional submission deadlines.
Yeah.
So they have different submissions then I.
So basically it is all through the years
and every point of the at every point in
the year,
there's a guide or there's a submissions.
It's opening for a second submissions and
so it's not the same every year. No, no,
that would be roughly up to around 10 and
the guide can change per year per month
change. Yeah, even for us I think.
For it was for from last year's the
chambers.
They they launched the Germany and France
guide before that it all incorporated in
the in the global guide. Yeah.
But then they separate these two
countries into a separate guide.
So there's in.
More workforce. OK,
so you get this external,
so today you get an external e-mail
literally. Do you get a physical e-mail?
Yeah.
So via e-mail or in legal 5 hundreds case
that it's sometimes you need to go
searching for it.
It's not always readily available. OK.
So it's going to be proactive. Yeah.
Roughly when that is due to.
Is round about that time that you have to
go and search their website and you've
got an idea of when? Yeah, you know,
it's sort of around this month.
So does it tend to coincide also with
chambers? No, you couldn't.
So you don't even get,
you can't even make some.
OK. Mark, maybe Mark,
maybe you can remind me that if we're
able to pick up the same external e-mail,
it can come into service now as a task.
I know we discussed that.
Was that something you should park and
look at it comes in.
As the trigger, so it's form at legal500.
com.
Yeah, if we if we know what that is,
then we can certainly get a trigger to
trigger the task for sure.
Yeah. So what I'm saying, yeah,
it it then goes into ServiceNow.
It will pick it up and then create the
task for you so you get notified through
your dashboard of those types of things
because we know that it's always at legal.
Does it is it? Does it exist today?
Does it exist today?
I'm pulling into Cherwell or you do it
manually.
Yeah, we just got the e-mail in to share.
We'll start the work from there.
So we'll pick it up. We've got a list.
Yeah,
That that's the start.
we'll pick it up because we've got a list
of.
So I think there's something like 32
mailboxes that come in and create records.
Yeah.
So we will catch it naturally and then be
able to work out the treatment of it.
Yeah.
But it does it always come from the same
e-mail address mailbox.
I would say domain. Is it saying that?
Yeah, but it could be a problem.
What I'm thinking like Mark from legal
500 or from like the person may change.
Yeah, the domain.
I think that what you're saying.
Yeah.
So we can do it from from the we can do
Yeah.
it from the domain.
So you can pick it up from the domain
Yeah, yeah.
address.
But the other the other thing we could
also do potentially is if if it's if it's
always titled the same,
Yeah.
we can we can put some heightened
analysis on what comes in and then pick
Yeah.
it up and also lift.
Without certain content and drop it into
the record to give you, you know,
a sort of better,
you know request that lands.
Is it? Yeah. Does it always?
Does it always say directory in the title?
I mean,
that's probably what you're saying,
Mark is keywords from then. Yeah.
And I think, yeah,
Yeah, yeah.
I'm just trying to think of the other
emails we get from them because what we
don't want to miss is all the other ones,
right. So we have to.
To sign up to the newsletters in order to
get notification that the webinar is
launching for the global guide,
do we need to attend that ahead of again
Yeah.
launch? Things like that where yeah,
as long as all legal 500 and all chambers
emails our mailbox,
there's generally either an action or a.
Yes. What I'm thinking, sorry. What? I'm.
Yeah. Sorry. What I'm thinking is yes,
FYI, yeah.
we'd catch all of the ones coming in,
but it enables you to be smarter.
Yeah.
So if if we can pick up a typical string
of text or keywords,
Yeah.
it means that we might be able to root it.
Say, you've got a.
OK.
A particular request type related to the
directories if it.
If it looks at the string and picks up
text which references directories,
Yeah.
then it will drop it into that sort of
request structure as a kickoff, you know,
Yes.
so it's just.
This is really similar to remark.
This is really similar to the challenge
that we have in the villain with Portal
notifications,
Yeah.
so it's probably worth agreeing what that
solution looks like and we apply it
across both teams so they get a lot of
portal notifications that come in that we
just.
Do not need to take action,
but there are some that they need to take
action and we need to figure out rules on
how we do that.
So we'll get an exercise that we'll need
to run through trying to get for those
that with no action,
at least you're they're capturing them,
that they're FYI seminars,
but some of them actually might take up
some of your that you could have that
actually start an end date. Who's a.
Attending so that in your metrics of
looking at all the capacity of what
you're doing at the end,
you can say I actually attended pre
seminars, you know,
so it it adds up all the tasks that
you're doing,
even if they were seminar related.
But for these ones you can capture the
fact that you know take that offline that
it is a directory activity that you need.
To do I think at that level is the domain
basically tells you that it is in
relation to and I think that's that's
where we leave it there as a it goes in
that direction because I think where that
then falls into the process.
It's not going to be able to pull that
from the e-mail to align it to the sub
category.
I think the high level categorisation is
that, yes, like 500 chambers.
The directory likes to directories here
and that comes in.
So you just talk back to the assignment
group we talked about so it comes in.
Client to client.
At this point you don't need client UK
client Australia.
We do deal with them mutually,
but let as in Brisbane will deal with
AIPAC. UK will deal with EMEA. US.
What's it? I'm asking him.
What was the UK one?
You said that so quickly? I mean 2001.
MEA means Euro, Middle East and Oh no,
that's what you said. Yeah. Yeah, yeah,
yeah. OK. And UK and Australia. Yeah. OK.
And that's split. OK, that's fine.
So that's split between, like,
Glasgow Brisbane. Yeah. So they're.
Although there's visibility across,
they're generally dealt with locally,
so when chambers and legal 500,
you're still,
they're still doing their individual
legal paralegals in the area,
but it's it gets it is a global directory,
is that right? Each of those?
There isn't one directory, yes,
and then it has the regional ones as well.
They have their regional deadlines for
each of their directories,
so it could be small,
but if in that e-mail that comes in,
if it says directory,
you know you're getting that notification
for France.
In Germany, a particular time, you know,
the assignment group is UK based or it is
for a directory for someone else it could.
It could also route or it could be that
you just land them and they get also
assigned to whoever's working on it
within your group.
Yeah, I don't think. I mean,
how's it coming today?
So show you get that e-mail and then you
assign it. So there is the respective DNA.
Yes, certainly have that matrix.
I'm not maybe something you want to do
phase one but that could be in place that
if it is for Europe based on the UK.
To deal with it,
and if it's for others Australian based
in the Australian team, get assigned them.
Yeah,
I think that as we are working on it,
yeah,
I think we also need to be careful that
if it is global that everyone,
the person that's taking the action is
then that's distributed globally, yeah.
So where we would then make it region
specific, if it's global,
that needs to be communicated across the
field, you still get transparent.
So just because it's assigned to it,
it's not like, Oh my God,
I can't see anything else in the you get
on that dashboard because you're a a
client group,
you'll get to see everything.
It's just all to assignment of who's
working on what so.
You would see Australia, Australia,
we would see you and everyone gets to see
everything.
So what I would say is with directories
is effectively you've got like a project
manager, so your directory's expert.
So your directory's subject matter expert
who would then within client no PM is
within.
Your team,
your project matter experts on that would
effectively be like your project manager,
your coordinator of the directory
submission process that would then
basically coordinate out the work to the
team internally of.
Drafting submissions for in clients. Yeah,
OK,
so you've got a skills matrix there for
directories.
Presumably that you have the PM and then
levels of who you're working with,
so that Kelly's our coordinator,
who is our expert in directories who
would then largely take a lot of.
Those like newsletter information coming
from the directory provider and then from
there make the decision of who needs to
work on what activities in order to
deliver.
So if we've got what 400 submissions
globally,
then how is that going to be distributed
out across the team? And she does that.
Is that her role as PM?
Is that how she does that at the moment?
So she'll. Yeah,
that's what she does as the.
But the system could do that based on
rules, you know,
or it could be that they all land with
her to sign out.
But you could use the system to do rules.
So you would get presumably at the moment
you.
So it comes in to show whether it will be
directly for.
Let's take the global one.
That's probably actually because that
probably requires a lot more coordination.
Is that correct?
Am I making that assumption correct?
Oh, OK, OK. So it comes in.
Let's just say that equal is complex.
You've got a notification that this needs
to be populated at a certain end date or
submission Dateline.
And what information do you get upfront?
Do you just get this is required or is
there a checklist so?
Chambers has we have a category selection
of here's the deadline.
Here's the categories we then need to
decide what we're actually submitting to.
So generally speaking is what we
submitted to last year,
but that's when the policy comes into
place.
So that there needs to be a decision
around.
With the director group of what are we
actually going to support and what's the
categories like what, what are they,
what type of things are in the categories?
I mean, I'm asking both simple questions,
but what does that support like
technology, AI education.
And it could be loan corporate.
You know it's industry finance.
Yeah,
it's broken down into a lot of categories,
OK.
Do you get like why should you go to
ashes versus another legal fan and it ran.
Right. OK. Specialisms. Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Effectively it's systemised that.
So if you get the request you can select
the OR they're told.
Which categories needs to be populated?
Is that right? That's the.
That's how the requests come in.
So it could be that we're doing the
categories for.
12345 yeah.
So we have on the form when they selected
entries,
they're able to select fleeting 500
chambers and then input the category and
practise that.
They aren't when you say so,
the CNG input into us to request the
support.
Yeah. OK. So you get the initial,
it's going to happen, yeah,
at this deadline.
And then do you then communicate with CNG?
OK,
this is what I'm trying to think of that
actually is where we get the,
that's where the policy part comes in.
And we have, you know,
that historical review of what's in
policy and what's not in policy.
Say,
what would we suggest as being something
that we we should support based on
previous rankings over the last three
years?
Put that to the leadership team
leadership team, then review.
Decide that with head of Region report
back in on what needs to go forward as an
exception with the support of CMG and ask
line if that's not then.
Agreed upon,
that needs to go to the legal teams and
they need to resource that within their
legal team with their PES associates,
trainees.
Whoever wants to work on the submission
because it's not even something that's on
policy that aspiring CMG will support
that has been,
can I go back and I just because I think
I'm I'm thinking I'm getting.
Yes. So it comes in to you,
you know it's happening. You then contact,
there's a.
So it's that you're going to assign it to
members of your team, right?
Not just not yet. Not yes yet.
So it's just OK.
So it's that with PM or one person and
then they have Ian's, me and Kayla.
That's OK. If you want to do.
We contact another group, CMG, correct?
So basically we communicate the like,
look, this is the for example,
this is the UK guide.
It's not accepting submissions.
The submission deadline is and we
communicate this information to CMG and
then.
Because the the direct the directory
providers like they might have hundreds
of practise area accepting submissions,
but we are not submitting to.
OK so we are just CMG. Yeah.
And also we will provide information
because we want to focus on the practise
areas that we.
Like rank rank in the rank best.
So we want to keep that ranking so we
will focus on the all the credits area
that been ranked grand three or about.
So they have a better chance of getting.
Battle breaking,
or at least keep at that level. Yeah,
so so it's the CMG. You then contact them.
This is the guys, this is the yeah,
this is your past record.
So so you include some.
There's probably that bit that I'm trying
to get to what the.
Communicate. What's the CMG? Yes.
At that point,
you're saying this is the ones that are.
So there's two routes here.
You've got ones that are approved,
submissions that we can all support on.
So from a CMG perspective and from an ask
client perspective to which we are
reaching out to CMG to say,
here's all your submissions that we can
that are categorised.
And above this is how we can work with
you. Here's the deadline.
Here's the support required.
Here's the length of the form of you go.
Oh, they're fine for those that are not.
And we will not reach out and will not
engage at that point because we don't
know if we have to support on them.
And CMG don't know if they've to support
them on them at this stage because all
we've been given.
There's a category in the deadline,
but actually it falls out with policy,
so the direction hasn't been confirmed as
to who can actually support those
submissions.
The ones that you can process are the
ones with CMG, you can send it to them,
yes.
So that's what Mandy's talking about is
that e-mail communication to say,
here's the categories.
Here's the deadline.
What one?
Are you proceeding with so they go and
have a conversation with their legal
teams to agree the way forward.
What's what categories are we submitting
to and and put into our work request for
the support that they require for that.
So when they confirm what they're
proceeding with and it's at that point,
then you can it goes in.
The work request for for those that are
teams in policy,
OK and then you start working on them.
Yeah. OK.
It's another way with the.
PM and you think I'm CNG and you like how
this is? Yeah.
So at this point when it's an exception,
it's going through me with the directors
of providing that historical information
on what is following out of policy and
what our recommendations would be.
Based on the last three years rankings,
what means an exception? As you said,
as policy policy,
anything by three below for chambers and
anything legal 500.
OK, out.
So out of policy outside of the band.
And what was the other one that you said
that they were all split there? Sorry.
Hundreds. Just legal 500.
Blanket is awesome.
OK.
So then they come back and then say which
ones you're working on? Yes, we'll be.
I've been recommended to the director
group that this is based on the analysis
of the historical information.
This is deemed exceptions or where we
suggest that you don't proceed based on a
non.
Banking for three years, for example.
That would,
unless there's a new so exceptions to the
policy being like a new partner hire and
or a new category would be deemed as an
exception.
So we'd make that suggestion to.
The director group.
They would then have discussions with the
chief,
the officer on what they want to proceed
with.
Following conversations CMG have had with
the legal teams on what they wish to
proceed with generally as they want to
proceed with them all.
And take that to head of region,
*** **** of region, buy in and support to.
Then go back with what is a confirmed
exception list that ask client can work
on and CMG. OK, so CMG work on their bits,
is that right or you're working some bits
together, you're working on so you.
They know what they're working on and
you're dealing with the exception ones.
Is that right?
If I captured that correctly? So no,
we're just we're putting our suggestions
for what it's based on historic based on
data really is we're given suggestions,
but there could be anomalies as to why
they would potentially proceed with that
exception.
And that's at the decision of the.
Region and the and that's an approval
process that is required. Yeah. OK.
And that's outside of shareable today.
Yeah. And that would then inform.
And instructs us as as client and CMG on
the proceeding with that submission.
So it's not just a given that they just
go ahead with submission and exceptions
with with all of it before and the
exceptions as well.
And to finally understand,
I'm just making sure that I'm explaining
that mate with what with what's in Skype.
What's in scope? Essentially. Yeah. Yeah.
So, Jill,
confirm back to us what is what is deemed
in scope from the exceptions.
And then we can work on those and engage
with the CMG contacts in the same way
that we have done.
Then for those that were in policies
straight off.
OK. And three and above chambers. OK,
Alex, you're going to say, yeah,
I was just going to ask a quick question.
Is there a document that sort of outlines
all those touch points as I thought
across the life cycle of some of these
things, I think we've all got the MPL,
yeah, process as a mail updates, yeah.
Some of the other bits that we've not
quite finished, yeah,
because it's as much the,
I guess as all they see in hand off the
piece in the external business decision
piece because a lot of it sounds as if
it's almost like expediential knowledge.
What? What? What does the form look?
I can share. Well,
today of all those touch points for that
process,
what do you complete today in there when
that request comes in.
So the requests are put in for those that
once we've communicated that they can
actively work on it.
That today, yes,
the requests are would they would go in
and inform what it relates to.
I don't know if you want to show them
directly,
you just see one of an example of that
just as a there's a further breakdown for
the directory.
Does this only happen once per year for
each directory?
Happens once per year,
but it's throughout the year,
so each one happens at different stages
throughout the year. Yeah. Yeah,
it's a different times for each directory,
but once per year for each directory. Yes.
OK. Once you just get one. It's like,
you know, or global. You would get one.
Now for Global 500 you get one,
for chambers you get one could be any
time for each directory. Yes. Yeah.
And all those sub processes happen for
each directory as well, yeah.
The sub categories under directories on
show. Well,
I'm just gonna see when they go in form.
Yeah. Open solutions. Yeah. Yeah, yeah.
So if they want to, like,
submit the work request and ask us to
help with the submission,
they will select open submissions and
then they will.
Scroll down and select the practise
industry and then they would let us know
the Directory's name.
So usually chambers is the preferred one
and then the submission area.
So for example like.
The total economies and then they will
give us the submission categories,
name all the directories because
sometimes it's not all the way with the
same naming mechanism as we do every year.
Yeah, yeah, it can sometimes change.
So if it's if it's not as above,
then give us the.
That's all you need to give us the
category name so that see,
that's a directory submission category
name.
That's what links it back to the
directory to how we upload the submission.
So that is important.
And they know that's that's a mandatory
field so that they have as much as it's
magistrate. Yeah. Yeah.
No formats, but they would know. That's.
Yeah, it's an important one. Yeah.
What I'm trying to say, I guess,
is it's not a drop down because it can
change year on year or like a category
will split out into 3-4 different
categories next year.
But it was one category the year before,
so there's no.
Consistency to the categorisation you
drive the level of consistency for what
you knew last year and then you have the
other and that level, yes.
So like where we are here like this is
actually yes, yeah. OK.
But beyond that to the specific category
name,
that's where it can change year on year.
And who's going?
Just remember who's playing in the school.
So it's the CNG. OK,
so that's putting it in. OK.
Yeah.
Yeah,
it'd be great to get a copy of this if we.
And so that lands with you.
You've got all this information here and
then you start working on.
Yeah, and if needed as well,
especially given this policy does get
reviewed and has done for the last three
years.
A briefing conversation tends to happen
with the the senior manager,
in particular for that area for that
practise area,
just to run through their submissions,
what they're intended to do so as much as
it's coming through the form. Yes,
there's some things that discussion that
happens around like.
Overview As opposed to just the actual
submission that comes in.
It's more about for that practise area.
What are you intending to submit and what
are you looking to put forward?
And then it goes up as it may be from
their side that they've got other people
allocated to working on those submissions.
So you've maybe got Gemma,
but Sarah and Danny and.
All of the GLPS then working on different
submissions. This is what lands with you.
This is this is what lands their
submission to you.
The request for ask clients. Yes, yes,
yes. What did you ask?
Yeah. Then distributes it.
So I think yeah,
probably I can show you one of the
requests that we have received on like
drafting.
So this is the what request that we
receive on share.
Well yeah having just completed that form
I think yeah this one is from the e-mail.
Yeah, that'll. Yeah, that's a sound code.
Yeah. Yeah. There's all e-mail. Yeah,
they should send us via the the form,
but or these.
Yeah,
because so the first part of the process
is obviously I was sending out that
categorisation and the date.
That's what they're responding back to.
So they're coming back on that to say,
here's the things that are complete in
the e-mail.
We state please complete the work request
form for all the areas to which you do
need.
So that's what's outlined, but and then.
But if once you get that e-mail,
you're retrospectively completing that
form on behalf of them in order to
populate here, No, no, no. OK.
So you just said that they sent emails.
Yeah. So coming into two methods.
So there will be ones that will use the
form as directed an e-mail or you'll have
ones that respond back on the e-mail,
right to say here's what I intend to, OK.
We're driving that change forward.
Obviously they're going to be completing
this form. Yeah,
that's the that is the expected. Yeah.
That's the best. Yeah. OK.
Are you sharing the?
That's just opening up one of those
examples. Was it? Let me see if I get one.
Yeah.
But there's something.
Yeah.
And Mark, you'll see this on the screen.
You can see this share. I can't do this.
Yeah, yeah, yeah. Following it. Thank you.
It's quite difficult,
so in so unfortunately,
actually it's interesting watching that
in.
So sounds you can get these categories of
work that you're not looking through to
try and find one of them associated
moving directories. Yeah,
I can see you've got weekly reports,
you've got, you know,
ServiceNow is great at.
Having those buckets of areas that you
have to work on rather than a long list,
it can in a section for you.
Don't worry about it. So it comes in.
I can see that there's some activity in
there, you know,
whether a briefing call is required and
then so it's in your here on your landing
page.
What additional information do you then
work on at this point?
What sort of tasks are you completing
that we just said before like?
In the research and the bids you're going
through, you know creating documents.
So what happens at this point when it
lands with you?
What are the artefacts that you're
creating or you have to attach to them
communicate back?
So. So yeah,
so they they would let us know,
for example, this one,
what kind of information that they need.
So for example for this one,
they have listed out very clearly what
they are,
what exactly that they are looking for so.
Sometimes they will ask us to provide
mental reports.
A draught based on previous year
submissions and referee response rate,
because we also submit a list of external
clients contact to the directory's
provider and ask them to comment on the
performance. So.
But a combination of all. Yeah. So,
I mean, they tend to be like, for example,
that, you know,
I'm thinking about reporting, you know,
when you're thinking about data,
lots of these could be drop downs are
they tend to use standard wording.
So top build matters. Yeah,
probably actions or what they can select.
From our service offering to support
those draught submission, yes,
only clearly they look like you know from
now to date you know, so that's,
you know it's a specific time frame and
matters that are included need to be
within a time frame. Yeah lots of matter.
References. Yeah, you know that. I mean,
that's.
Referee responses rates from last year,
you know,
so you've got category plus date.
You know there's you can do that drop
down and options on that.
I don't know whether there is a hundred
of those different things but certainly.
Would you at least it could be a
combination. That's what we get.
But that's what we can ask. Yeah. Yeah.
OK.
And if there is other and they type it in
a date range that could form part of the
next drop down list. So, you know,
you get those insights of how many other
things do we have if there's.
Lots of the repeated others.
We can then just add it to the the
categories within ourselves now.
Sorry about our solution.
I think you can provide a solution then,
but it could be that you get insights.
No, no, it's that's it's the right.
I would have said the same.
So it just reassures that it can grow as
they need it.
Yes. Yeah. OK.
So then you've got that information if
they submit the request via that form,
this is the information that they need to
provide on the call.
So capturing that upfront that's I mean
that's the least you need, man.
You know the category.
That they want and the date and the date
range.
Do you find that you need anything else
is that is it? This is it, but not this.
So not bit as well or not.
Like see where we've got ones that are
coming in e-mail because I'm thinking for
your minds.
Going for the reporting as we also track.
A lot of this on a tracker because we
need to do all the historical data appeal
we need to pull the last three years
rankings we need to so as much as it's
relevant.
Obviously in here it's going to be great
to have it all within the system and
consistent and all using the same method,
but it also.
Feeds the tracker of how we then manage
the directories out of the systems.
What's that tracker.
Was it just the directories tracker,
right? OK, yeah. Yeah. A massive exit.
Yeah. And it could be, I mean.
Maybe we touched on that.
So you export that and you just add
you're growing,
I mean service guys effectively where all
your data is,
is there information in that tracker that
you don't store your show well today you
could?
Put in service now? Or is it actually no,
this is its home.
This is where it lives and other people
access it and that should remain in.
That should remain there. OK,
it's used for other purposes.
It's used that process in CMG user as
well. OK, alright.
It's an I manage that one. OK.
You don't need duplicate.
Yeah,
it's just this could this is a subset of
that information.
The other there is duplication I think is
the the categorizations,
the time recording, the case IDs, OK,
share time.
We can just. Yeah, no,
we just the overall time, sure,
I wish you can get from here. Yeah,
to feed as this. Yeah.
Obviously that's the things where there's
crossover.
The best is then policy specific or. Yeah,
ranking based that's not.
Yes,
that's not going to be the house for that.
OK, that's good. So it's been,
it's landed,
it's assigned at this point as you're
saying you don't have auto assigned as a
group.
You would want to then assign for this
one, it's going to need to then be.
Distributed out to across the team,
so from the likes of Kelly being the SDE
on that side that she would then allocate
out. Here's the here's the list.
So she's got the overall list of what we
need to submit.
And then allocate out who is completely
much one, and it could be, you know,
not for phase one. So you know that.
And so you sort of confidence it's
working.
There could be that school matrix of how
it could be auto assigned.
But there are certainly you can assign it
to any member of the team.
Across it doesn't sound that you
particularly need a client UK and a
client Australia.
It could be that you know you're just
you've got visibility as a whole team,
you're just assigning it to a particular
class and within the team. Yeah, yeah,
the team and all that. Yeah, exactly.
OK,
so now it's in been assigned and it went.
I can. Sorry.
Can I interrupt for a second?
How do you want to say something?
Hello.
Yeah. Deborah. Sorry,
I I just want to check if the source of
data. I think you did ask the question.
I couldn't catch the answer.
What are these directories where the
classifications etcetera are coming from?
Are these excel sheets excel files held
somewhere or are these from a system?
The open submission,
for example the service classification
Is that the rankings?
and the previous screen which had all the
red fields with the drop downs.
What are the sources for? For those?
Are these hard coded values or are these
Yeah.
coming from a centralised platform
somewhere or a data store?
For example, if you see the service class,
the service classification here.
Is that a?
Patrick,
these are these are legal these these are
legal directories. You know, they sort of.
Is the game.
Not necessarily file directories,
if that makes sense.
Yeah.
And would.
The legal so they'll be hard coded.
Would we have access to those right. Hard,
hard coded right,
hard coded or taken from a centrally
managed place?
Yeah.
Because obviously territories are
centrally managed.
Yeah.
I'm sure values will change as in our
platform.
I think we can't have them hard coded,
need to have resource.
So this is solution areas that characters
are the the categories.
Yeah the solution for each of the
directions they change every year.
So it's not the same categories year on
year.
Yeah.
So ensure well someone loads them in
order for the PIC list to be available.
We don't have that PIC list,
it's only at what is it practise industry
level and submission area. Yeah.
So the actual name of the submission they
have to type it.
Yeah,
that's so there's a submission area drop
down.
I think Robin Park is talking to here,
banks and funds. That's standard.
That's a yeah standard list.
But it's only that directory cast
category. Yeah.
Is it?
Two categories they need to. Yeah,
they need to enter because it changes
every year, apparently.
Yeah.
We'll come back to that one,
but the submission area is standard drop
We can have a look. I mean, yeah,
it comes from.
downs that.
It's fine if it comes from a standard
place which is managed, managed source,
as long as it's managed and control the
values.
That's all I want and that's all we we
need because service I can't be the place
to manage these in my view.
Yeah.
Because these are governed by something
else outside of the platform from legal
So these are the standard categories that
you're submission I think is a standard
side.
Once a year though, right?
known. They don't vary each year, do they?
Those ones? No, no.
And then the directories submission
category name is the one that changes
OK.
every year, yeah.
Correct. OK.
It's a free text party because it's
certainly it's just you have hundreds of
them. You couldn't manage it. Yeah,
I think from a user experience,
Yeah, yeah, that's fine.
it would be a good experience because
it's too long a list. Yeah.
It's a good question to just confirm.
So thank you for that.
Yeah.
OK. So we're at the, sorry,
can I just on assigning the cases once
OK.
it's assigned,
I'm assuming that the rest of the team
can still see the full transparency.
It doesn't hide it from you will be able
to.
I mean if you needed that to be the case,
it was highly comprehensive,
but but in this case it will be it's a
sign but.
Anybody can open it. Anybody could see it.
The full team have transparency of all of
that and if you know the person assigned
is off sick,
it's it would be really easy to use,
reassign,
absolutely reassign even if or go on
holiday. You know,
it's it doesn't get assigned to them.
But on the day or even halfway through
the day, if they needed to.
To go, it can be reassigned as well,
so it would be reassigned at the front,
reassigned in transit,
or if there's a shift change and you need
to be done to go to Australia to follow
the sun 24 hours,
it could be reassigned at any point
that's on track. So again,
with new work in progress.
And then what needs to be completed?
I think there was a briefing call
required. Is that right?
So that is that an activity that could be
the first point that you might get have
to gather some additional information.
Yeah,
that would be your expert can have a
briefing call but that's more across.
All of the category submissions,
but there is the option at the category
level for the individual request or to
discuss that with the clients.
Ask client team. Yeah. Yeah. OK.
So so they they're requesting that.
That we can call is required. That's it.
Yeah. OK, that's fine.
And if that takes place,
what information are they additional
information? Are they giving?
Are they just repeating what they
submitted?
Of what is required? I mean,
are they just?
Is that sort of almost for their own
confidence that they've had an intro call
to feel that the information that they've
completed on the form has been received
and understood? We don't,
I would say we don't tend to have that
selection with the directories.
It's just part of the overall.
OK.
But it's not something that we commonly
see,
it would be done with a practise area
industry view.
It's something that you're not doing at
clients. I mean is available,
but it's not something that you're you're
doing the first level as look at the
whole area as opposed to the individual
submission category.
OK,
so now you've received it's in your queue.
No signs work in progress.
The sort of workflow then what happens?
What do you you're doing the work outside
of the system getting all that
information,
what do you populate and show on today
once that's complete?
Yeah.
What additional information you capture
you know, is it it was, you know,
we provided the following, you know,
maybe as a checklist that if you've got
those things that you can check,
each one has been done as you go.
For example, matter rates between.
State ones who check completed.
You know you can check them off 1 by 1.
So if you were to reassign it,
maybe the advance to that if you were to
reassign it,
they the person who's being reassigned to
knows that three out of the 8 have been
completed.
They just need to work on quarter 8.
So I think you can probably pull it back
to the what we outlined in the request.
Yeah,
as to what's been delivered being draught
submission along with the reports.
Then that's provided.
But what will happen after that is
revision after revision.
Following partner feedback. OK,
so you do so all those great matters.
I think there were eight things that they
wanted.
You would complete them as a draught or
awaiting feedback or in draught
submission it go back,
it goes back to the original requester or
that feedback. Is that correct?
Is that the workflow?
And then at that point I don't know how
many iterations are back to that
iteration.
Why? But?
Revisions or it's deemed approved. Close,
complete. Is that fair?
So after you submitted advanced
submission for approval,
what happens then? We do congratulations.
So basically, yeah.
So sometimes they will make all the all
the changes themselves because they work
directly with the partners and the
partners. You know what?
What matter?
They want to put forward and that's why
you can see here we provide I I manage
link to the to the pro submissions so
they can get they can access to the the
live document make all the changes so you
don't attach it to show you you're
updating it into a shared area at this
point yeah.
OK, so you can provide that link aerial.
Yeah, everything directly related is on.
I manage, yeah. OK. OK, that's good.
And that's to do with confidentiality and
that sort of information. OK, yeah.